Sometimes, you go to their main office thinking you would get things done faster. I came to get my electric transferred to a new location and they want more identifications. It's crazy but they want you to sign you life away. All this information is already in the system and they want more. Not only did I waste my time but got sent home to get more id's. It's ridiculous how redounded they are. Driver's license check, social security ??? who carries their social security cards with them anymore. All this information, already in the system but they still need it. Worst policies and procedures.
"Going to the pub"...Sounds so nice, and brings to mind a cozy little place with a good draft beer selection with wood paneled walls and a guy with a tie on behind the bar, right? At Cherry Street Tavern, it's all here. This place is the perfect corner bar. It's got all of the above, with a fun rotating tap selection of local brews, as well as a full bar for cocktails, if you are in the mood for a mixer. It's got three TV's with local sports on them, so you can catch the game, and nicely, they aren't too loud, and the music selection us usually pretty fun too, a mix of classic rock and other well recognizable tunes.  It's a good place to hang out with a few pals, and grab a brew. Check it out, it's a nice place.
If I could give negative stars, I would. DO NOT waste your money. These guys ARE NOT the kind of people you want in your home /handling your belongings. Their movers literally complimented a giant cactus ($200 house plant in a $90 pot), and STOLE it. After reporting the theft to the company, they did nothing. Both buildings (the old & new) had footage confirming the movers leaving with the plant and never entering the new unit with it... as if anyone wouldn't notice their big house plant missing? They also put my bed together half-ass, so I ended up falling through it the first night, Ha! Honestly, the experience felt like a bad dream. Not only did I spend $400 on movers, I tipped all 3 (another $150), only to have them steal from me and do nothing to correct the matter.
So I just moved to the area and took a chance on trying this spot for pizza, and I wasn't disappointed in how good it tastes! The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because I ordered a large cheese pizza, EXTRA cheese. I felt like they didn't put any extra cheese on it and it was just a regular cheese pizza. So if I'm paying almost $18, I'm kinda expecting it to be cheese that's practically falling off the pie. Also the guy who took my order over the phone sounded like I was bugging him for giving my business. But these are teens/young adults running the store. Other than that, good location with a parking lot and speedy service.
For the price, this place was awful.  Very confusing layout for a conference attendee (the rooms are really far from the conference center and it's a maze of tourists with kids, other conference attendees, and shops/trees to navigate along the way). The resort is ridiculously far from anything fun in Nashville (at least a $25 cab ride to downtown).  The food options on site are extremely overpriced and limited in variety.  Not the place to go if you're a vegetarian or just don't like to eat meat/greasy pizza all the time.  There is a mall next door with some chain alternatives for food but still nothing I'd be excited about.  I mean, that's half the fun of traveling is eating local.  None of that at the Gaylord!  Basically, it's a contrived "resort" in the middle of nowhere with not much in the way of culture or live music, which is sad for a Nashville location.  The hotel rooms themselves were also extremely disappointing for the price.  The beds didn't even have comforters on them! Just a thin blanket that felt more like a second sheet.  The only reason I'd return is if my professional organization held the conference here again, and even then, I'd probably stay off site and rent a car (but on-site parking is also apparently a rip off).
(Horrible)  where to start..  I travel 8 months out of the year.  For me to take the time to write a review is really bad.  Food, well it's disgusting along with the service.  Bar tender along with all other employees are quick to bring you a drink for the most part.  Food however, forget it.   Not to mention you truly don't want what they're serving!  Ordered their standard house burger with lettuce and tomato.  Came without both.  Asked for medium rare, was told sorry it's frozen..  Got the Philly with order too.  That amount of got peppers is a sure sign that meat is bad.  Because why otherwise would you ruin a simple steak & cheese with so much none tasty spice?  Not to mention the ridiculous chain smoking.  If you're looking for live music and a friendly local vibe.  Please don't go through what I have. Go somewhere else!!
BEST MARGARITAS AND GUACAMOLE EVER! I used to hate Mexican food before I started eating here, but El Vez has changed my entire perspective. I used to come more often when I was attending university in the area but since I moved I would drive all the way from NY to El Vez for the food and drinks. The ' El Vez' margarita is amazinggggg, top shelf tequila and just the right amount of lime juice and mixer, just two drinks and I am sent to my happy place. The guacamole and homemade baked chips are crazy good. I would sacrifice my calories for the week for a bowl. Any of the food I have ever ordered off the menu has also been great, tacos enchiladas, fajitas all fantastic. Also I love the super cute vintage photo booth in the back, take photos every time after spending some time well spent at the bar. Overall amazing dining experience and in a great part of center city to bar hop after.If you have not been here yet, go!!
Very friendly and helpful the only reason 1 star is because on certain days there is only 1 person and peak hour happens, it's hard to serve everyone when there is a line. They need at least 2 people. The store is very professionally clean. The customer service rep there was very diligent in his work. They don't sell ink there. And very understandable with customers to which would make them happy. Get the feeling if you dress professionally or business they will prioritize the urgency. If you're wearing sandals like you're from high school that just ate from sugar fire, they may judge you and you can tell the urgency isn't as leveled out. Overall they do a good job at getting things done. They can be more interactive.
We've spent the last 9 months coming to Cavanaugh's every Tuesday to play Quizzo with the famous Irish John hosting; a team of four to six players, getting burgers and drinks every visit and making sure to tip generously. We've always been well behaved and have gotten to know some of the waitstaff and bar staff. One of our players has a restricted diet for medical reasons and usually just gets a bottled water. How do they thank us for our loyalty and repeat business? By banning this player from the quiz last week out of nowhere, because "a bar is a business"; and having the quizmaster notify us of this, no less.  I guess it didn't occur to them that alienating a table of 4-6 patrons who order food and multiple rounds of drinks ever week--because one guy gets bottled water--isn't exactly the best business sense. To our confusion they have no drink minimum or order minimum policy for Quizzo, nor did they think to simply approach him and ask that he order more than bottled water (at any point before telling him he's just not welcome), or seem to care that it was for medical reasons. My wife went back to ask them about it this week, and they were adamant about the decision.  We've enjoyed playing Quizzo here a lot. It's been our weekly ritual for a long time now, to come meet our friends for burgers, craft brews and trivia, which makes this situation suck so much more. But we're not coming back after this.
I don't know if we came on a lucky night, reading some of the other reviews, but suffice to say, one of the best meals we have ever eaten. Certainly one of the top two in NOLA. From the Pate' amuse before the meal, right through the dessert, they were right on the money, with impeccable service & great cuisine...   Chef Todd Pulsinetti, after hearing we were Restaurateurs, offered to 'cook for us' in absence of an 'official' tasting menu. I never got more than a glance at the menu. Turtle soup - Hearty and flavorful (sorry, R'evolution, they got ya beat on this and the Shrimp and Grits) The Fish with Andouille Hollandaise was great. I ate so much that I almost had to beg off the entree, but that too was spectacular; an Aged NY Strip over Corn & Crab Orzo, (or possibly Risotto).. With 7 courses for me & 4 for Nikki, the entire cost was $200 & change, including a signed copy of John's 'My New Orleans' cookbook, so I can steal his recipes.. LOL  Todd & John, you are to be commended on a fine job and a great show...
Which Wich offers a decent sandwich with fresh ingredients. They have a wide variety of types from cold or hot with bread, wraps, baguettes, or lettuce wraps. I enjoy their french dip, philly cheese steak, or gyro. My son loves their chocolate shakes. They are generally courteous and quick at this particular location. We will stop here on rare occasion for convenience due to its location - but not too often as pricing is a little high for a sandwich (approx $10 per). I'd like to see more meat for this pricing. Four stars for cleanliness, friendliness, freshness, quality, and wide array of choices. I'd like to take a half star away because of pricing - but we will stick with 4 Stars.
I went to get my nails done right before Christmas.  Only the 3rd time I've ever had them done so all procedures are new to me.  The technician (a male) proceeded to file the tops of my nails like there's no tomorrow.  It went on and on, to the point that I looked at my daughter and asked if this was normal.  The manicure itself took an inordinately long time though I was happy with the results.  2+ weeks later and the polish started to pull off.  No problem with that as that seemed usual.  With the polish off, I noticed that my once thick and strong nails are now thin and peeling.  The damage that his filing did to my nails is incredible!  It will take months for the damaged nails to grow out.  I will never go to this salon again and would discourage anyone from going there or at least to this technician.
This is our 100th review! Woot, woot.  I came to Agustin Kitchen for lunch with a friend today and had an absolutely delightful experience. We sat inside and highly enjoyed the modern, clean, and inviting decor. While the specials sounded delicious, I ordered the chicken chopped salad and my friend had the veggie burger. Both were completely amazing! The salad has dried papaya, grains (buckwheat I think), slivered almonds, cheese....and the champagne vinegarette was perfectly emulsed. YUM. The veggie burger on the new summer menu has a curry aioli, which really stands out. With filling entrees around $10-14, eating here at lunchtime is an excellent choice for the budget conscious foodie. I love that the atmosphere, waitstaff, food, plating and all the parts of this restaurant are unassuming and authentic. For a place as award winning as this, it welcomes all kinds of clientele and makes everyone feel at home. Totally on point!   Looking forward to coming back for brunch...I saw a killer looking Bloody Mary on the way out....
We were on a road trip Saturday from Washington State to Nevada when the check engine light came on in our 1998 Camry in Oregon. We called the Toyota dealership in Boise where we would be passing through, and they agreed to check it out when we arrived in town. The service advisor who helped us, Kaden, got our car into the garage bay as soon as we arrived to have the mechanics diagnose the code. He let us know it was a sensor causing the light to come on, and that we could safely continue on our road trip and have the issue corrected once we arrived back home in a few days. Kaden was very helpful and friendly, and due to their quick service, we were able to get back on the road with very little time lost, and a lot of peace of mind, knowing that we didn't have a serious mechanical problem with the car.
We went here at 5:00 on a Saturday. We used the no waitlist app through yelp. It said we had a 15 minute wait and were 6th in line. We got there and they said they could get us right in. First, I loved the atmosphere. The decor and vibe of the place was perfect for a date night. This was our first time here and the waiter really took his time to explain the menu to us. We ordered drinks and I got the bourbon slush, which was house made and amazing. We ordered a chop salad to share as the waiter said they were all big enough to share. It was really good, we weren't a big fan of how big the pieces of bacon were, but they were easy to eat around. Also, if you don't like green tomatoes, this salad has them as well.   Now, can we take a moment to talk about the amazingness that is the lobster roll. Holy moly. We got the warm Connecticut style with butter and it was out of this world amazing. It was so well seasoned, and was extra buttery andWe got chips, ff, slaw, and green tomatoes to try. They were all ok, but nothing amazing or over the top. My husband liked the green tomatoes, but thought they were a little thick and over seasoned.   Overall, I am so happy that we went and look forward to going back again!
All I can say after eating here is, "Wow." Just wow. How I went all four years of college with this place right down the street and never ate there, I cannot explain. I missed out on years of delicious taco-eating pleasure, that's for sure.  The food is simple - tacos a la cart. No fillers to the meal such as beans or rice. Simple tacos packed with so much flavor that you don't really need much else. I ordered three tacos: chicken, pork, and steak - pretty standard. But if you're feeling adventurous, they also have beef cheek, tongue, eye (yes, I'm serious), and a couple of other body parts to choose from for your meat. The meat is perfectly seasoned, and they fill each corn tortilla with a healthy portion. You can then add your assorted toppings - I opted for chopped white onion + cilantro, sliced radishes, a little bit of their green salsa, and pico de gallo. I don't remember the last time my mouth was that happy as when I took my first bite. I seriously debated eating there the next day for lunch too - it was that good.  Also simple - the restaurant seating. Nothing showy or over done, but there is ample seating. After eating there, I could see why they need it. The line was out the door the entire time I was eating. But they still manage to serve the food extremely fast - they're pumping out tacos left and right! It really makes you wonder...how many corn tortillas do they go through a day...or maybe that's just me.  Anyways, give this place a try. You'll be happy you did.
I stopped in just after 8 am for breakfast. It was my first visit. I ordered a breakfast burrito& coffee. I thought the coffee could have been hotter but I stood at the counter watching the guy make several orders. My very nice burrito was done & I took it to the other counter to pay. Then I sat down at a table near the window. The burrito was delicious although I thought it was a bit overstuffed with peppers and their fiery seeds. It was as I was eating I noticed how dirty the place was. There was food & debris all over the floor & the window sill had a long dead plant & its soil all over. No one had cleaned that area in a very long time & no one had swept and mopped at least from the day before. A place that it's dirty at 8 am has a serious problem. I lost my appetite & left.  I don't care how tasty food is .The place isn't clean.
Not a local but spend a fair amount of time in Tampa on business. I almost always go so a sports bar very near Duffy's but came here on a recommendation from the hotel van driver.  Never again.  In all fairness to the two bartenders and the bar back, they were somewhat busy.  I walked in alone and sat at the bar.  Waited a few minutes, nothing.  Made eye contact with a bartender.  Nothing.  With the other bartender, raised a finger.  Nothing.  Waited 10 minutes and watched as the two women behind the bar bustle about AND serve a few other women who had sat down after me.  Got up and left.   I understand busy, but at least acknowledge my presence with a quick word or gesture.  Was completely put off by their lack of customer service. I went back to my usual hangout a block away at the Brick House.  Super friendly and efficient staff. I'll stick with them.
We walked in 15 girls deep for a bachelorette and were placed at 2 separate round tables. When asked to all sit together, they couldn't accommodate. My entire meal was uncomfortable as I kept getting the back of my chair bumped by the servers. Seafood platter was delicious, very fresh and tasty. However, they gave us flounder instead of red fish (what we had preordered) and when we asked, we were dismissed and told we should like flounder. The manager came over and offered us free shots to make up for the mistake but I don't know how that makes sense since we still wanted the red fish. Apparently they sold out. Why they didn't preorder more knowing we had reserved the meal in advance is beyond me. Mind you, the flounder was a completely different taste and texture. Our server forgot someone's drink and never came back with it. In fact, he was the one who tried to convince us we wanted flounder in the first place! As a customer, a full time sales liaison and a part time waitress/bartender, I would've appreciate - and expected- better customer service and management problem solving skills. 3/5 for still having good food but overall poor experience.
The Kolache Kitchen in the CBD is open (signs on the door still say "Coming Soon" but they're open)! I haven't been to any of their other locations, but boy am I glad this opened near my office. My coworker loves their Baton Rouge spot, so I decided to check them out. You order at the counter, no seating except for a few stools at a counter.   Everything is reasonably priced. I got the egg & cheese kolache which was good, but their breakfast taco is can't miss. They make their breakfast taco to order and it comes with to-die-for salsa on the side.   Everyone here is also super friendly! If you're looking for a quick grab-and-go option, definitely check this spot out. I've already been twice and will be back again.
Getting a tattoo, well, you're either going to be intimidated by the staff with their "hardcore ink" and feel like a poser.  Or, you're going to say "you know what, I don't give a shit that I'm not getting a full sleeve of flaming skulls and naked chicks.  This is about me.  Suck my balls."  At Trader Bob's, I expected to have the emotional outburst of the latter.  But I didn't.  Why?  Because they're cool.  And nice.  And they can laugh and understand that there are people out there that don't contemplate their next tattoo like they're the Dalai Lama trying to achieve Nirvana.  For some of us, we just randomly say to the spouse "write something on a piece of paper so I can have it inked on me."  So thanks Rob - you're cool, you're understanding, and you did a great job.  I'm happy and I'll be back.
Really knowledgeable guides that are prepared for any incident out on the Truckee River. At first I thought the trip may not have been as exciting as I wanted it to be but the last mile gives it all at once. Actually got popped out of the raft, but don't worry, our guide Taegan was in action quick and got us back on track. I would say the falling out part made the trip more exciting and Taegans response sealed the deal on my 5 stars. Good trip for beginners, plenty of calm places to take in the scenery and enough class 2 and 3 rapids to make it worth your while.
What a great experience. The drinks, food, service, atmosphere, and even the music was perfect. We had no issue making a reservation for outside for a Thursday night for 4 people. We ordered cocktails (I had the Ocho which was perfect!) and a starter (tuna ceviche which I loved and even my no fish eating husband tried and liked ok). Our server did not rush us through ordering and was very attentive. My dinner was the beef fajitas and it was great. Could have used a little more chimichuri sauce. Two dinners came out about 5 minutes before the other two, which was the only issue with timing but no big deal. I have dietary restrictions and had no issue finding something to eat without major modifications. Overall it was a great night.
OMFG this place is to die for. I am willing to get to work late if I'm eating here. I love it! The one thing that is on our bill everytime is the cinnamon roll pancake! It's the size of the tire on my car! Their Benedict's, ask to hear the special then cut the server off and order it! It doesn't matter what they say it's friggin amazing! That's kinda what we did today lol. You won't be disappointed that you went here, and if you are, then you need to lol in the mirror and ask yourself why!? 6 star review from me!
Don't do the oyster shots. I know it sounds fun and you're probably already drunk, but just don't - or if you do you should have some better alcohol to wash it down with because that taste will punch the back of your throat otherwise!    The food here was pretty decent and comparable to other local places we tried on our trip.  I liked my crab cakes and also liked other dishes that I tried.   Lots of bread/fries with each order.  Stick with the seafood the jambalaya was also good when I tried a little bit of that from my cousin's plate.  Go early or expect a wait.  We came with a big group so it took a little bit of a wait but if you go with just 2 to 4 people it shouldn't be that bad.
A lighter, less kitchy version of mass-marketed Chinese restaurants.  Food preparation is lighter than most Chinese restaurants, but still sweeter and heavier than family-owned establishments. I was pleased at the portion size for "lunch" options.  The "dinner" option would be too large. Service is good, but inexperienced and press for time.  Food was served promptly and was hot.  Ordering and payment were delayed.  This was outside the influence of the service staff.   The decorations were evidently Chinese, but without the kitchy tropical garden decor. Overall, meets wxpectations.  The stomp of corporate head office footsteps not too heavy.
Kevin is a wonderful, thorough, patient and honest inspector.  It's not common to find a person who is both skilled with the practical things in life and communication.  Kevin is one of those people.  His knowledge helped us avoid a beautiful, charming house that was an absolute disaster under its fa ade and helped us understand the amount of work needed for another house that we ended up buying. We really appreciated that he never offered an opinion or bias, he just gave us the facts.  We are now 2 months into home ownership, and everything he has said has been spot on.  We have referred to his inspection report again and again, which is very specific, complete with photos and color coding to emphasize priority levels.  Home owning and renovation are very costly, and knowing what you are getting into makes all the difference in the world.  We are so grateful to Kevin for his attention to detail and  thorough understanding of all the components that make up a house, he is truly a master. He even gave us a discount for his second time giving us a inspection, which was a real life saver for us, it was very kind.   He has made the structural aspects of first time home buying understandable and fun. Thanks a million Kevin! You're great at what you do!    Ruby and Ian
First off, we are spoiled with our zoo.  It is beyond awesome and it's free.  This experience for $25 per person was disappointing.  I expected much more for the money.  I get it cost a lot to build but you did a terrible job with budget if that is what you are needing to make.  I know you see more and better at the zoo.  Our time to go in was 11:15.  We were finished by 11:47.  NOT worth the money if you've ever gone to any other aquarium.  I'm pretty sure Bass Pro has them beat!
Sharon gave me a wonderful massage!  She is very nice and easy to talk to, and I liked her technique.  Her movements are very specific, and I think she focuses on pressure points and the use of acupressure.  I liked the homey feel of the massage room, and I would rather support local businesses like Sharon's than go to a corporate massage chain.  I highly recommend her for no-frills, skilled massages and pressure release.  If you are looking for complete silence, candles, and more of a total spa experience, this is probably not what you are looking for, but I still suggest giving her a try regardless!
Jazzed indeed!  Got to listen to some SERIOUS jazz on this night of all nights. Got lucky for sure!  They had some twin saxophones playing with drums and electric piano mixed in.  Heard me some Dexter Gordon tunes, as well as a little Take 5 going on there..   Atmosphere is really what you should expect in a place like this, a little noisy, a little busy, a little annoying. And yes folks, that does include the service which may/may not be good depending on crowd and control of it. This was a fine, warm night and the sound was perfect. We went upstairs because it was so crowded below, and that looked like the best kept secret because we had a great view from above. I might have just blown that now, but nonetheless, it was cozy up there and you just head to the bartender and he will take care of you, and get you that cold drink.
I wish I liked this place more. I see the appeal - small, independent, family owned, eclectic. But I feel like raving about this place is a little pretentious. The sound system is always fuzzy and the picture's not that great. They do show some art-house features but they also show stuff like "War of the Worlds" and "Batman" when they come out. Also, they close sometimes, unexpectedly. I know we're supposed to be anti-corporate, but I still want quality (and this place isn't any cheaper than the Ritz). I will say that the service is great and the crowd is very respectful. It's also near the Square, where there are no other movie theaters (unless you count "adult film"). Maybe it will grow on me.
We ordered green tea, milk tea with boba, bowl of ramen, and spam musubi. It was a Sunday night ad pretty busy with mostly college students.  Service was quick. Food was decent. I'm not a huge ramen person, so someone else might think the food was great, amazing, etc. The spam musubi was decent too, although I don't like the dried fish flakes they put on top.The drinks we ordered were good, though.   I don't think I'd come back right away, since its not my first choice for a meal, but if ramen is your jam, check it out.
I was visiting a friend they recently moved to Tampa and had yet enjoyed the city. The water taxi provided a great relaxing way of learning about the city while kicking back some drinks and enjoying the views. The price is a little steep of $20 for a day of just riding up and down the bay but it balances with being able to hop on and off various stops. We enjoyed ourselves and found some hangout spots all in the comfort of our water taxi. If you don't know what to do when you have a visitor , this is a good option.
I have been going to the Chop Shop every 1-2 months for over two years now, and almost every time I have had a different stylist. Twice I walked out disappointed in the cut, and twice I walked out feeling like I had a really great cut. That should tell you something.  Chop Shop is the kind of place you go to because you like spending $10 on a haircut, you always forget to make appointments (they take walk-ins and they're open seven days a week), and you're not particularly picky about the result. Being that I have very short hair, I know that even a just-OK cut will grow out in a month or so. In the meantime, I rub molding cream in to mess it up, so no one knows how just-OK that cut is anyway. For someone like me, Chop Shop is the obvious and practical choice.  If you ARE picky about your hair, though, I would say this place is not for you. Otherwise you risk getting someone who spaces out while they snip, leaving you to fix it yourself at home.
F and I have lived in Trenton since 2003 and have never been to the only authentic Irish Pub, Tir Nan Og! It isn't because we didn't want to, but it just wasn't on the radar. Thankfully, while participating in the Passport To Trenton Contest, F stopped in for a Murphy's. As soon as he told me about it I was hot on their trail. About a week later I finally made it. It was a late Wednesday night and Jude was manning the bar. It was pretty quiet when we arrived but surprisingly as it got later the place started to fill up. This is a really cozy spot where everyone feels welcome. There is beer on tap and plenty of Irish whiskey choices to wet your whistle. There's a dart board, live bands and friendly conversation. What more could you want!
The staff was wonderful, warm, & welcoming! The technology used in this office is awesome! I appreciated the thorough cleaning & xrays done by the hygienist & the thorough exam done by the doctor. Unfortunately, the visit ended a little more abruptly than I'm used to at my previous doctors...   I was advised to get a root canal, get my wisdom teeth extracted, & to get a cap... and then I was told, "alright, that's it! have a nice day :)" & she left the exam room.... So I grabbed my coat thinking maybe the front desk would advise when I needed to come back in to get those things done... but she said "have a nice day, bye" also LOL!...   I'm still not sure if they just don't do those procedures at this location? & if not, I wish they would have given me a referral to who does? I'll call back today because I'm confused on the next steps... but yea.. that was a bit weird....:-/.   At my old dentist, when he said I needed a root canal, he gave me a suggestion of a place to go, the address, the telephone number, and then scheduled my follow up to make sure it looked good & put a cap on it.... without me asking for it at all...
um how about some rotten produce? and dont look for vegetable campbells soup cuz some genius decided not to sell it a few months ago. the deli workers work slower than they look like they are and they never stop bullshitting with each other while you wait. Oh and then they act like you are disturbing them. Some of the people that work there actually get in your way while they are putting things back.  chips? smashed up. cookies? look like they were tossed on the ground a few times. no quality control here.  I've actually taken meat and fruit back because its rotten within a day.
Great selection and they have a near constant buy 1 get 1 sale.  Ask for Neo as he is outstanding for helping you get what you need and has a phenomenal eye for making you look good. The other associates are pretty good too, but Neo takes the cake.  They will get you exactly what you are looking for, will adjust if you aren't thrilled with what they pick out and ensure you get what you're looking for. They will offer matching shirts, ties, tie clips, shoes etc, but will not push them on you if you aren't interested.  Understand the price of their nicer suit selections as they will run between $300 - $700 which isn't bad when you consider you will get two.  They do have some nice designer sports coats for less than $100.   I ended up paying $1350 when all is said and done, but that's what I was planning to spend. 2 full suits (Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger) a sports coat, 4 collared shirts and ties, 1 pair of shoes, 1 belt and 1 tie clip.  A pretty good haul if you ask me.  All were tailored for me in house. I bought them at 10am, and had the first full outfit ready to go for a wedding that night by 4pm.  When I went to pick them up, they let me change in the store. They then shipped everything else to a store near my house for pick up since I flew in for the wedding so I didn't have to carry it all home on the plane.
We made reservation for my boyfriends birthday (on a Friday night at 730) we got there early and they were very accommodating and seated us. The restaurant on a Friday night a few weeks before Christmas wasn't full which was surprising.   We ordered the onion bisque and I felt that is the was to creamy but my partner liked it. Next, I had the pork shank (I highly recommend) and broccoli casserole and he had a steak ( I can't remember which one but in the $50 range) and carrots. Pork shank was fantastic! My partners steak was good but nothing exciting. He's been more excited about a steak at outback.  After that we ordered dessert. It took over 15 minutes to get our dessert to us and it was cold. Pecan pie and carrot cake straight out of the fridge. Luckily they didn't charge us for the dessert.   So I am giving our experience a 3 star because of all the places to spend  $200 on a meal this one just didn't hit the mark. It was sadly just mediocre.
Been going to Shay's for years to get hair cut and colored by Shannon who is the BEST in Nashville! Will never go anywhere else. Best at getting hair color perfect and looking totally natural!   GOOD NEWS EVERYONE: she now has a stylist named Chantal who just put on eye lash extensions for me that are FABULOUS!  She is so professional and very concerned with meeting the clients expectations. I was a bit nervous at first but she made me feel so comfortable and confident in her ability.  So happy I did this for me!  Thanks Chantal!
Well, I've seen a ton of negative reviews, but I really don't have any complaints. The gentleman at the counter was very friendly and engaging, they got my order right. The roll was fresh, there was a fair amount of steak on the sandwich. The provolone cheese could have been melted a little more though, they didn't seem to know that the cheese goes between the bread and the meat/onions. But the ingredients came together well, there was a good ratio of bread to meat to cheese to onion. And hey, a free hot cherry pepper? Don't mind if I do! I'm sure there are better cheesesteak places in Philly, but especially for an airport, this is a quality stop.
The location was nice because we were very close to the beach. However, the walls were extremely thin and we could hear everything that was happening around us. The showers and toilets made a lot of noise. Our neighbor woke us up at 6 am because they were showering. The people upstairs had their AC going the whole night which sounded like a generator going off outside our window and made falling asleep very hard. There was free wifi but out of four devices, only two were able to connect which was frustrating. The staff was nice but they couldn't do anything to help our situation. Overall, the price is way too high for a very average, unpleasant night.
Now that I lead food tours, and several of the stops are in Reading Terminal Market, I have even more respect and appreciation for this market. Did you know that all the vendors in here are completely local? They have to be in order to even be allowed to sell their food in here. Also, there really is a complete selection of everything from Dinic's roast pork sandwiches (which make me want to quit being a vegetarian when I look at these overflowing meat sandwiches, complete with greens and cheese on a soft roll, just oozing deliciousness), to the best pretzels EVER at Miller's Twist (pretzels that are dipped in butter and are soft and flavorful) , to fresh cookies at Famous Fourth Street cookies... it's incredible. Fresh produce, fresh cheese, fresh meats, fresh hoagies, fresh cheesesteaks, fresh fresh fresh...and with about 80 vendors total, you have a huge selection of choices of cuisine. Oh, and there's a cute bookstore, too, along with some Amish specialty shops, and the "Spice Terminal," if you want more than just food.   And! One thing that's really awesome is that Reading Terminal Market has recycling containers for plastic bottles everywhere, so you can bring your bottles here to get recycled.   I am in love with this place. It can definitely be overwhelming, especially on the weekends around lunchtime, but totally worth it. And the smells are amazing of all the freshly cooked, homemade, local food. Yum.
I had a lot of used books I had listed on paperbackswap.com and half.com, and I got tired of having to go to the post office every few days when someone bought/requested one. I took them all offline and headed over to McKay's. I dropped my books off, and they gave me a number and told me to come back when it came up on the screen. It took 25 minutes, but that's okay because there is a TON of stuff to peruse in this store. It is actually a bit overwhelming.   The DVD section didn't impress me much, but I was happy to see an aisle chock full of TV series. I love to binge watch TV shows. I picked up True Blood Season 6, and they had it listed for $30.95. You can buy it brand new on Amazon for $23.74. That doesn't make any sense at all... A lot of their DVDs and books are overpriced, so I headed over to the bargain section and finally found some great prices. I picked out 9 books that totaled $4.15. After my $10.78 store credit, I still have $6.63 left to spend when I go back.   They offered $6 cash or $10 store credit for the 22 books that I brought in. Neither offer seems remotely close to fair, but I suppose it evens out when you can find a book for 10 cents in the store (which I did!).   I'll definitely be back to McKay's again, but I'll be checking prices online before I purchase anything over $5. There are many things you can find online for less money (even after paying shipping!) than at McKay's.
It's a 7-day/week karaoke bar. I was looking for the best karaoke in Tucson for my visit and this is one of the places that came up on google.  It's a pretty, friendly place. Some of the men were a little too friendly and way too grabby- to the point of inappropriate. Im not used to that at all. To keep it clean, and not gross people out, I will refrain from saying what they did.   All that aside, the karaoke hostesses are alot of fun! I kept getting there late and they often worked to fit me in once. Very cool!  They have a very big selection of songs- which of course is heavy on the country music, but big surprise! Actually, it was great b/c I got to learn a bunch of new songs I never hear people sing in NY.  Sometimes the crowd is very supportive of all who sing, and other times the hostesses have to rib the crowd for not clapping and supporting the singers.  I felt pretty comfortable most of the time going alone.  My last night in Tucson, they went out of their way to let me sing last and a lady even bought me a send-off drink. Very friendly!
We just went on this swamp tour last weekend with Captain Dave. This tour was so much fun, we saw 6 or 7 alligators and a bald eagle, and our captain could not have been better. We were celebrating my best friend's birthday and I think the cherry on top of a wonderful Mardi Gras trip was this tour. I would recommend to anyone going down - this is great for medium to large sized groups. Just a short 30 minute drive outside of New Orleans, it was easy to find and everyone could not have been nicer. All around great experience.
Very good modern BBQ joint with interesting menu, and the food is good which is the important thing of course.  I was surprised, even slightly annoyed, when they did not give me a knife when they gave me a fork for my beef brisket, but I quickly realized that I didn't need.  The meat literally fell apart upon first touch, it was that tender.  The two table sauces are vinegary, which I'm not really a fan of, but they were fine.  Like everyone says here, the cherry chipotle is interesting.  The best part is their beer selection, with at least 4 or 5 different IPA's.  I highly recommend the Hop Nosh IPA from Salt Lake City.
Johnny Brenda's is very good at COVID control as the security asked us for proof of vaccination. Once in the bar I wasn't sure how to navigate about getting drinks, but once we opened a tab my boyfriend and I had the Holy Tahit-O cocktail, a shot of vodka and a shot of whiskey. I think each shot was $6 and the cocktail was $10. Back in LA, cocktails cost almost twice as much so I think Philly's nice about their pricing. I don't think there was anything super special about the interior or the drinks or the service. Everyone's just minding their own business. Definitely not as loud and poppin' as Frankford's across the street, but a nice place to bar hop to after for harder drinks!
I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants - alright I can take it, I'm a bit of a snob - but we tried this restaurant for breakfast last Friday and I was surprised at how good it was. We had the "Sunrise special" and my husband and son had scrambled eggs and I had sunny side up "over easy." Now usually most restaurants will either make the eggs so rubbery they're tasteless - or so runny I want to run too! This time they were perfect - and we tried it again on Saturday morning and it was equally good. The place is clean, the wait staff is friendly, the price is reasonable and the food IS GOOD. What more can you ask for?
I am not typically a big fan of chain restaurants but decided that this one is a pretty good choice that makes all members of the family happy.  The husband and I had to take our two grown children out for a family meal which happens once in a blue moon.  We were seated and treated very nicely.  I was comfortable in our big corner booth.  We got the cheese and pretzel appetizer and inhaled that puppy.  I wasn't feeling the best that night so I just got the hummus plate and wow--it was a huge amount of food and wonderful.  It came with warm pita bread and jicima, cukes, carrots, the hummus was some of the best I have had.....I really enjoyed it.  You can expect to spend between 10-15 a head here depending on drink choices.  Everybody ate their food and seemed happy so good job Red Robin.  I will be back...
My wife and went with a specific budget and a couple of unusual needs in mind like a split California King, adjustable platform and a cooling gel mattress. RUDY is the man! He was very helpful explaining the subtle differences in various products and why the price varies so much by brand name. We didn't feel pressured to make any decision today and he did not try to upsell us or throw us into a different price range. We picked our set, stayed within our budget and started to pay when I happened to notice a high end looking futon (yes I said high end looking futon).   It was in the sofa position and I sat down on it. Comfortable, good back support...seems nice. Before I could even ask RUDY was breaking the futon out into a bed for me. I laid down on it and thought I could sleep a few nights on this bed if I had to. RUDY then raised the ends of the futon to make a nice chaise lounge. Wow, my man cave will love this. SOLD! Great for when we have company as well.
This was my second time eating at Ruby Sunshine. The menu is a bit more limited at the moment, but still filled with delicious options for everyone.    The coffee is soulfully good.   The mimosa was ok. My partner really enjoyed it, but not a wow factor for me.   The shrimp tacos were excellent (different meats to choose from!).  I also had a bite of his BLT (he added an over easy egg). It was very flavorful.   Previously I had the eggs Benedict with a crab cake and one with salmon it was outstanding!   Super friendly staff. Our wait time was a bit long, but they kept coming to the table and apologizing and updating us. They also ended up comping the meal bc of our long wait time. We were very surprised and grateful.   Great spot to bring the pooch, they even brought her a water bowl.
This was my first experience using professional movers, and I am very impressed with the service my wife and I received from BEK.  The movers (Zach and Ben) were courteous, friendly, polite and knowledgeable. They treated our belongings like they were their own, wrapping everything thoughtfully with the utmost precision. Our stuff arrived in exactly the same shape as it did when we left our apartment. Maybe even better!   The price we paid was extremely fair and worth every penny. No hidden fees, no surprises and I got everything I was expecting. As someone who had a lot of heavy shit on a 2nd floor apartment, I don't think I could have done it without them. Ben and Zach were young, strong dudes and you could tell they loved their jobs (they both said so!), which showed in their work. Very professional.  Although I don't plan to move again for a very long time, when I do, I'll call BEK.
Maybe it's because I'm not a Tucson native and so the nostalgia factor isn't there, but Eegees kinda fell short for me. I got an 8 inch original grinder or whatever it's called, and a large fries. Turns out the fries here are the cheap stuff that you can get from a grocery store and bake yourself. I was under the impression they were in-house proprietary sorta like In-N-Out or even Mcdonalds (ew), judging from all the accolades. Major bummer there. I'll give a point for the fact that they were prepared just right. The sandwich was ok, but I have had better. It just happened to be wayyyy too salty. I don't think they'd take my advice into consideration but adding some extra lettuce or something might balance out the flavors better.   Anyways, food aside, service was good and the location was relatively clean, plus I believe this location has free wifi that I did not use. I guess I would try this again if I happened to be starving and near a location, but I would not go out of my way.
Heard good things about this place, they exceeded my expectations!  Delicious!  Great experience, one of the best places I have been in a long time.  I keep thinking about it and want to go back!  The person I was with ordered the special which was a meat roll...it was meat loaf, with sausage, pepperoni, and mozzarella rolled into the center and then topped with a delicious marinara sauce, pasta in meat sauce as the side dish....to die for!!  I couldn't keep my fork out of his dish LOL!!!   I had the Philly Beef which was made with cream cheese, I ordered salad as my side dish.  Both were delicious too!  We topped it off with a slice of chocolate gooey butter cake...WOW.
We ordered dinner through UberEats on January 1st. I am not one to be lazy and pay a good amount extra to have my food delivered, but on the day I ordered, I was sick with a cold and not having to go out of the house looking like death seemed to be a good option.    When the food arrived, part of my order was missing and my son's entire order had been forgotten. I called to talk to  a manager and as soon as I mentioned that our order was incorrect, the manager interrupted me and told me I needed to contact Uber for aa refund. I told him that I still wanted the items that were mIssed and I would pick them up.  My son went inside to get the rest  of our food and they had it bagged up  and ready to go. Once I got home, my teriyaki chicken was  stuffed into the tiniest box ( it looked absolutely disgusting and they didn't give  me the teriyaki sauce! I made the mistake of not checking the bag before we left. I guess I had too much  faith in the manager. Being an area manager for some local restaurants in town, I know that any remade orders should be checked  thoroughly.
Stopped by for a Sunday afternoon lunch.  Fairly easy to get there, off of South Meadows Parkway and the freeway, sharing the location with the donut shop (interesting combo).  I amused myself watching all of the lunch patrons by dozens of donuts to take home as they were paying for their meals at the counter. I had the Vietnamese cold rice noodles with fried tofu and the tofu was really good.  The sauce for the noodles was kind of bland compared to other Vietnamese restaurants I had visited. Loved the Vietnamese coffee boba drink. Service was good, place was fairly clean.  The bathroom floor was kind of dirty. Good, inexpensive food.  Great for take out I suppose.  Not sure If I'd make it top of the list with other great Asian restaurants in the Reno area.
So many reviews, my adds are that the fish is fantastically fresh, the service is very good, the rock shrimp appetizer is delicious and large, and the decor is very hip with mood color changing walls and, have to say it, is it just me, the interestingly erotic table lamps. If those things weren't bolted down they'd all get lifted. People are perverts, you know? Pervs and thieves, it's a crazy world.  Anyway, you won't be disappointed. By the food I mean, forget the lamps. Honestly people, this is Yelp, not AFF.  But Jesus, they do light up on the end. Crazy, I really want one. For the kitchen I mean. Whatever, never mind.
I've been eating here regularly for tenish years and I've never once had a bad experience, even as they've changed ownership a couple of times. Service and food had always been good. I've never had the buffet, and I've personally only ever ordered vegetarian dishes. But there's a good variety of those, as there typically are at most Indian restaurants. My mother has always enjoyed this place, so much that she now refuses to dine in any other Indian restaurants because she finds anything else disappointing, she does eat non-veg dishes and is always delighted with them. I do eat at many different Indian restaurants, often. This is one of two that I'll be giving a 5 star review to (the other is not yet on Yelp).  There are many dishes that I truly enjoy here, but my absolute favourite, can turn any frown up side down, comfort food is the Malai Kofta Rangeen. I like it on saffron rice. And I like it more than nearly any food ever anywhere. This kofta is cheese based, served in a nice creamy rich sauce, 'Rangeen' because it has cherries in it.   Sometimes we pop in to pick up a 'bread basket' order to have with our own home-made curries, 'cause we don't have a tandoor at home. This is a variety of naans. Whole wheat, garlic, potato stuffed, etc. A really fun assortment.
Stopped in for dinner while in town for a conference. This place is in a historic building and they have done an amazing job of updating it! The patio out front is adorable with string lights, cushioned benches and succulent planters. The interior is also really sweet with unique modern furniture and a really cool-looking bar along one side. I wish the name was as unique and inventive as the decor and menu!   The cocktail menu is very extensive and creative. I decided on the Parisian Summer which was a gin cocktail with St. Germain, hibiscus and a few other things I can't remember. It was really good! I remember visiting Paris in the summer, and this tasted way better than Paris smelled...   For my entree I got the crisp griddled porchetta with creamy polenta, rosemary, jus, snap peas and a fennel citrus slaw on top. It was a huge portion, and it was so good that I cleaned my plate. The porchetta was tender and flavorful, the polenta was creamy and rich, the jus was nice and savory and the snap peas were perfectly cooked. I could have done without the fennel slaw. I understand it's purpose to lighten up the flavor of a heavier dish, but I had a version of this slaw a few weeks ago that by comparison was sliced thinner, so much less crunchy/more delicate.   Overall, I was very impressed and will definitely return the next time I'm in Tucson!
Have a wide selection of cigars and the staff was able to help me pick out cigars that are lighter in strength and more suitable for a novice smoker. The staff was patient with me, which I appreciated and gave me some tips on lighting up the cigar and what to watch for. I ended up getting a romeo y juliet, which was great I really enjoyed it, it was light and is the buzz is subtle, draw is easy and smooth. I also tried a patrona 1964 series, which was much stronger in stength and had a rough draw, I definitely felt the buzz after smoking that one. They have some tables in the store to sit and hang out, restroom available for customers, also have a small backyard with TV and chairs. We hung out in the back for a while and watched basketball games. Everyone we interacted were really nice. Definitely recommend this place if you are in the area looking for a cigar.
Mixed feelings about this place. Gorgeous and immaculate inside and the food was great! BUT, the service was odd. When I first came in, I had to ask them about their outdoor seating, because it was not set up. They brought chairs. When I was ordering, I sensed some obvious tension between the staff regarding their break times. Also, they didn't have some of their menu options available. A little disappointing. When they brought me what I'd ordered, they didn't think to include a spoon with my yogurt, so I had to leave my dogs once again in order to go inside just for a spoon. I get that this is not a full service restaurant, but there were at least 3 servers hanging out in the place, which was not in the least bit seeming busy, and they seemed to be fighting over whose break it was the whole time; you'd think they could make the customer feel happy. They took their breaks at tables right next to the ordering area, which seems a little unprofessional. Overall, I'd eat there again, but I don't expect much out of their service.
Terrible ordering experience. They have a newish $5 Menu, which i ordered from. I was literally HOLDING the stand up from the counter for the $5 Menu and the girl rang my items up as regular price, in addition to asking me no less than 3 times to repeat my flavor choices. She claimed she did not know that i was ordering from the $5 Menu and had to get a manager to correct. The manager came and corrected, she asked the original girl what flavors i picked, and the girl again asked me what i wanted. On top of that, i ordered 2 orders of wings and asked for ranch as she was running my card and she stopped in her tracks. Apparently they now don't even include a single ranch for orders of wings and she suggested i go somewhere else to get ranch.   Id suggest you go to the one 5 minutes away on Nissan Dr. In my (limited) experience they are much friendlier and seem to know what they are doing, in stark contrast to the employees at this location.
Ordered the sesame chicken, braised pork, and Beijing yogurt. Everything was so delicious especially the braised pork! Meat was flavorful and tender. The sesame chicken was also good and I liked the sauce they used to toss it in! Everything was packed neatly in plastic containers to prevent leakage. The Beijing yogurt came in a plastic bag with a cap on it. Tasted delicious and like the yogurt they make in Asia. Tart but a hint of sweetness to it. The staff was very friendly and kind! I would recommend anybody to go here if you are looking for great Chinese food with great service! The food only took 15 minutes to be prepared for us since we had gotten take out. Shop is located in a plaza with its own parking.
Like many others, I was thrilled when PJ's Pets decided to stop selling animals (especially puppies) in their stores. It seemed a definite step in the right direction toward responsible pet ownership, discouraging spur of the moment puppy purchases when shopping at the mall.   Soon after, PJ's was replaced by "My Pet", and sure enough, they now sell an assortment of animals, including cute little puppies they got from who knows where on display in the cramped little window kennels.   I will never shop here. Please spend your money at a more responsible pet store that supports local animals shelters instead of one that tries to sucker you into buying a $900 designer puppy. Or better yet, go visit the Human Society. Those dogs are just as deserving of a new home, and that's definitely a company we should be supporting, one that cares about animal welfare.
I don't understand why this location has such a low rating.   The dining area is designed with clear walking space between tables, well-lit and spotlessly clean.  There was a decent flow of customer traffic, typically a good sign on a Sunday evening, and I watched a female line worker survey and replace items with steaming fresh trays before another worker had to scrape the bottom of the pan. The workers were friendly and could answer a couple of ingredient questions I had due to allergies, but none of them engaged anyone in an in-depth gregarious conversation...which I'm sure I and the rest of the people in the line appreciate.   Food was hot, fresh, and flavorful - and they even have margaritas!  If you want a quick Mexican fix in this corner of town, you've found it.
Is this my new favorite brewery in Indy? I think so!  Cannon Ball is a hidden gem across the way from West Fork Whiskey. Can't wait to see this area continue to build up.  It's amazing to see what the chef can do without even having a full kitchen to work with! I've had their vegan "meatballs" that tasted like heaven, as well as their tacos.   I look forward to the day they reopen again, when I can belly up to the bar and enjoy whatever beer is on special.   Take care, Cannon Ball team!
Hotels.com thinks it is a 3.5 star.  Knights Inn would be an upgrade.  Check in-king size room we reserved was not ready, we accepted 2 doubles instead (no biggie and check in was long) Lobby was nice.  The rest was a house of horrors.  The carpet on the hall floor was old and worn. The doors were all beaten down and falling apart.  The previous poster must have taken a pic. of the best door.  They were really bad. The tub had old loose tile, dirty grout, a make shift patch job, and the curtain rod was rusted.  There was no hot water and tub was dirty. The beds did not have blankets.  The hotel uses sheets instead of blankets.  There was a hole on the cabinet.  The television, sink vanity, and bathroom floor tile were new.  I assume this was one of their "renovated" rooms.  Early in the evening I could hear a couple yelling obscenities at each other and it sounded violent.  The next morning on my way to breakfast, I walked by a man passed out on the floor in the hall(not the same room as the quarreling couple). The only redeeming quality of this hotel is the downtown shuttle.  The shuttle is great!
We had our daughters Quincea era on the 24th at the Whitney Peak Hotel. We used Epik Weddings for the event. They did special lighting , photography, video , dj and had an awesome open photo booth. These guys went above and beyond our expectations. They even ran our video and projector.   Planning a multi cultural party for 160 guests from another state was nerve racking. Erik put my mind at ease always checking in and making sure they had what we wanted. If you are planning a party a wedding or other event do not think twice about hiring Epik Weddings for the job. The party was almost a week ago and we are still talking about how wonderful it was.   Aaron was spectacular with the camera he never missed a moment . We can not wait until the pictures are ready. Epik Weddings made everything so easy . My daughter is still in a dream from her wonderful party. This wouldn't have been the party it was without these guys. I will upload a sneak peak of photo by Aaron White : this photo should be in magazines.
Purchased a Groupon for 45 minute session in a salt room.... Zero gravity chairs.... Relaxing music... I just lay there with my eyes closed and meditated....The only time I felt I needed a cough or do anything different  When I yawned I felt the salt come in my mouth. You could definitely taste and feel the salt on you leaves you with a white residue all over your skin. I wore light colored shorts and a white shirt and wrapped my hair up, they provide caps for your hair and robe if needed.  Add to review which I created on Google: I have been wanting to go to a salt room for quite some time and I was so excited to see that there finally was a local room I could go to. I first saw this driving by on my way home from work and I looked it up on Groupon and found a great deal. They have a beautiful facility, with waiting rooms, lockers and showers. Many different options at this location not just the salt room. Massage, yoga, infrared sauna, reiki, magnesphete therapy. I personally tried the salt room. Zero gravity chairs, and soft meditative music. They offer a robe and a hair net if needed also booties to cover the shoes. They also gave me a bottled water.  They offer monthly package pricing and multiple pack pricing. I would definitely go back. I chose to wear light colored shorts and a white T-shirt. You will have a white haze of salt all over you when you leave.  They also sell different salt lamps, scrubs, lotions, etc. definitely recommend.
What stood out the most was the great staff! While walking by Sat morning (with my dog, surprise, surprise) a gentleman out front suggested we stop by Sunday (w/o the dog, I didnt see outdoor seating), he hooked us in with my favorite words 'unlimited mimosas'. I believe unlimited bloody marys are included as well. When we returned Sunday everyone was just as friendly including our server & the gentleman making the omelettes to order!  This was the perfect spot for my friends & I on a rough Sun morning after Jazz Fest weekend. There wasnt live jazz (our headaches prob couldnt have tolerated it) & although the food selection wasnt large, there was something for each of us. I remember gumbo, a cheesy pasta dish, omelet bar, veggies & I believe a couple more selections. Like I said though, it was sufficient. The disposable serving dishes did throw me off at first, but I liked the casual atmosphere. The dining room isnt that large, but it wasnt crowded & we did not feel rushed whatsoever. We sat around for a while after we ate just recollecting the previous evening. I noticed a few people dining alone, I would return for more low key, chill brunches at a good price. If you're looking for a fancier experience, perhaps with out of town guests, you might want to hit up another place. Overall I was pleased!
I kept putting off finding a vet after I moved here from Northern California thinking I would just go someplace locally since there are several vet offices in and around Broad Ripple.  I also didn't want to just take my two cats in unless I needed to since they aren't fans of being shoved into a crate.  I figured unless they got sick, they would just wait until they needed vaccine boosters.  VCA offered a new client discount of a free exam and I printed out the coupon.  I assumed it could only be used for a 'well cat' visit.  Over the last day or two I noticed that my bad boy Rocky was showing symptoms of a urinary tract infection.  I called VCA this morning and got an appointment for him at noon.  After doing a Complete Urinanalysis, giving him a cortisone shot and an antibiotic shot which lasts for 2 weeks in lieu of pills (since I'll be traveling the next few days), I had anticipated a $200 vet bill.    Imagine my surprise and elation when the bill was only $82.  I got the free exam ($52) and for some reason they tacked on an additional Courtesy Discount of $25.  The fees listed on the invoice were reasonable and the care that they gave Rocky was phenomenal.    I could have gone to a closer vet, but I'm glad I came to this VCA Animal Hospital.  Dr. Dawn Haas was the vet who treated Rocky and he is now home and resting comfortably.  Hopefully I won't need to take Natasha in any time soon, but if I do, I know they will take good care of her.
I don't usually leave Yelp reviews but I wanted to commend Terminal Cafe and Khalil especially on exceptional customer service. There was actually a mistake where the kitchen printer did not print my fianc e's or my original orders and we ended up waiting a while. The staff eventually caught it and went above and beyond to make us happy. Khalil especially was very empathetic and even ended up not only refunding our money but also giving our friends free lattes as they were waiting for us to get our food to start eating. I'm not writing this so people can take advantage of Khalil's or the staff's generosity. But I do recognize that things will happen and it's not so much that they do happen but rather how they're handled. To this end Khalil and staff at Terminal Cafe easily receive 5 stars. We were visiting out of state but next time we're in Nashville we'll definitely visit again. This is a very quaint place. Seating is a bit limited but it's a chill atmosphere. What's important was that service is top notch and the food is very tasty.
So disappointed, I got the WORST pedi ever!   I wanted my nails cut shorter but, there are now corners missing on my big toe. The polish job is terrible, I have nail polish past my cuticles onto my skin (maybe that was to hide the missing part of my nail?).  I admit I have small baby toe nails but the polish job is so bad that they look twice as big as they are.   I just spent an hour trying to file and nip off the extra polish (gel so I can't just use remover) but it looks horrible. I guess I should have paid more attention to the polish job! Do NOT go here, there are plenty of other places close by that will do a much better job!
We've been to Casa Tina before and were looking forward to some good quality Mexican fare. We decided to have a drink and start with some nachos. We ordered the Monterey Nachos. HUGE mistake. Basically, this was a plate of bland tortilla chips with a pound or more of bland cheese melted on top of a thin shmear of refired beans and finished with a sprinkling of queso fresco and some thick cut, slightly burned jalopenos. To complete the picture, the tips of the chips were burned from the broiler. Were it not for the little bit of leftover salsa we had and the hot sauce from our attentive server, there would have been no flavor at all. Truly disappointing. Also, although not as important . . . in a town with many well-regarded craft breweries, one might rightly expect at least a couple of decent beers on tap. We did not stick around for more.
This was by far one of the most disgusting hotels I've ever stayed in. We paid a very large premium for staying here with our tournament group. After taxes we paid over $350 for two nights. The hotel room reeked of old cigarette smoke and and some other damp dank smell. The carpet was old and filthy. You could see leftover hair in it if you looked closely.  We were also charged an additional $20 for a rollaway bed. It was the equivalent of a kindergarten Nap mat on metal springs.   They apparently allow groups to "tailgate" for lack of better words all throughout the front of the hotel and in the lobby. We brought our own food rather than eat the breakfast that was provided because I couldn't bare to eat anything based off of the cleanliness of the rest of the hotel. The pool was just as top notch. Guests were mixing their own drinks pool side with blenders and large bottles of alcohol while small children swam and listened to their fowl language.   The other guests must have been running team practice sessions well into the night because our hallway never stopped vibrating.    This was my first and last experience with a Baymont. I would have felt more comfortable sleeping in my car.
Great customer service from Erin in the photo area. I headed here after discovering that you can take your passport pic here. I figured it would just be easier & quicker, and that I could avoid lines. While I did avoid all of that which was great, I ran into another problem.  They use a just a regular handheld cheap camera, not a professional one. The pics come out horrendous! Erin was so patient with me as every pic looked absolutely terrible. Worse than any drivers license pic that I ever taken. I thought the DMV was bad . Wrong! I appreciate them more now. She kept on trying until I was satisfied.  After trying to take numerous pics of me with eyes half closed, terrible faces etc.. I finally settled on one. Still terrible, but I finally just said F it, and gave up.  After some laughs between us, I think we both agreed it wasn't going to get any better than what it was . I pretty much told her, I don't even care anymore, pick a winner and go with it . Just print that "thing"! Good lord. It sucks that I'm stuck with it for the next 10 years , but at least I'm going places now. I can't wait to get the hell out of dodge . I'm out of here.
This is one of the best STARR restaurants in Philadelphia. Perfect for a romantic date night. Take a reservation in advance and they will set  you up on a perfect corner table in a separate inside dining hall, away from the rush that you see as you walk in to the restaurant. With just the right amount of light and a little lantern on the table you start feeling happy already =) Every dish on the menu was delicious. One of the best date nights in my opinions. The drinks are good and I loved the pillows on the booth that adds to your relaxation quotient. We ordered a ton of stuff and dessert too. Ended up spending a good hour and half to 2 hours. If you can, try going later in the night.  Best lamb chops ever!!
I ordered a poster needed for an event so I uploaded on the website.  I called and was told it would be done within an hour.  I went and picked it up two hours later and was told even though they saw my confirmation that they could not locate my order.  The "executive manager" did not even apologize for their mistake or offer any type of resolution.  Total disgrace.  Don't tell people that their order will be done in an hour if you have no clue. YOUR LOSS, THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER STORES OUT THERE LOOKING FOR BUSINESS!!   DO NOT SHOP AT THIS STORE, THE MANAGER DOES NOT CARE AND OBVIOUSLY THE EMPLOLYEES ARE NOT EDUCATED ON ANYTHING.
Fav spot to bring the kids for a guilt-free treat! Their fresh juice is amazing, lots of flavors and reasonable price. This spot is unique because they also are combined with a small active wear boutique, cute idea! The employees there are so sweet and they probably would of let my kids try all the samples they had (And my kids love it). Their ice cream is gluten-free, vegan, soy-free, & dairy-free. They have lots of toppings to choose from and the portion size is massive! We also had their s'mores donut and it was so gooey and delicious! I like this place because it keeps me on track with my healthy lifestyle but allows me to treats my kids. Flavors are 10/10. Atmosphere 10/10, lots of natural night, table tops and a bar area by the window.  Parking is 8/10, parking lot is small but I've never been here when it's been super busy. 100% love this place! We will be back for more treats!
Very good place.  Casual, comfortable.  Slightly hip in a nice, effortless way.  Pleasant outdoor seating.  The dining room is also cool -- small, intimate and relaxed.  Three Flags is a great oasis in its neighborhood.  The brisket burger and fries were very good and I would enjoy one again.  It is not over-the-top great as some reviews suggest, so temper your expectations.  The cauliflower gratin (with some broccoli) was superb, though.  It is not my impression of gratin.  The cauliflower is served roasted or grilled with cheese sprinkled on and a bit of oil and seasoning.  Might not sound like much, but if you have any interest in cauliflower, have it.  It is that good.
Honestly, one of best experiences I have had at a Sephora. All thanks to Tori! Honestly, the mall was busy and packed and I forgot all of my makeup in North Jersey. I dragged my boyfriend to the mall to see if i could something anything done on my face.  I ran in to get lashes and asked if I could get them applied.  Tori was extremely friendly and kind. She was so helpful, I think she could see the desperate on my face.  She even did my eyebrows!!! I loved my face for the wedding! It was so beautiful. Tori was a life-saver. She definitely made and SAVED my day!!
Service was horrible. Was seated, then waitress took my drink order. She brouggt my drink and took my meal order, which was their Turkey Dinner (not the turkey Manhattan). My salad was brought out and was good, no complaints there. Wheb my meal was brought out, I wasn't asked if everything looked ok or if I needed anything else. I didn't get rolls with my meal, nor did I receive any drink refills. Finally when the waitress came back to my table, it was to deliver my ticket and a drink to go. This shows she assumed I was satisfied and ready to leave. By The Way...they have a nice dessert selection which others around me had been asked if they wanted a desert before they were presented with their ticket. I assume, since I was by myself, they assume I don't want refills or asked how my meal is or if there is anything I need. When my ticket was given to me, I did let her know I didn't receive rolls or drink refills, she acted surprised. Not sure why she was surprised. She did offer a desert though; I declined.   That doesn't makevup for lack of service to someone just because they are dining alone. So, if dining alone go elsewhere if you want service.
Food rating: 5 stars Service rating: 1 star Hence the average: 3 stars  Went here on a Thursday night for dinner with a friend. Was seated immediately upstairs. Ordered the scallion pancake for appetizers and I got the dan dan noodles and my friend got the ginger chicken entree.   We got the scallion pancake pretty quickly. It was super duper yum!!!   Soon after, my friends ginger chicken entree came out. Without the side of rice. I've been here before and knew for sure that entrees come with rice so we asked for it.   However, when they served my friend, they didn't bring my entree. We waited. And waited some more. Meanwhile, no one even checked on us. My friend was almost half way through her dish, when finally we flagged them down and asked for my entree. And then after 5 mins they brought it out. Would've been nice if they'd at least apologized for the mistake and length of time or given some explanation. We also waited forever to get forks. They didn't seem to care to check on us at all.  I loved the dan dan noodles. However, it barely had any pork!   I'll go back. Only for the food!
Today I ordered on their app and didn't realize they closed early (6pm)for Labor Day (as they should)  the app let me order anyway and the owner called me and informed me they were closed but would make them anyway, but they only had one seeded and one non seeded roll. He didn't have to still make them it was an honest mistake somewhere in the app and usually I would say not to and just go home, but like I told them when I got there " I worked all day outside in the heat and just wanted a real hoagie"  awesome job Primos. And apologies again for slowing your home time down.
Update: Got curbside today. It's been like 2 years since my last review. This time I checked in and it was quite a while until they came out with my food. When I got home I noticed they forgot all of the sandwiches! I called them back and it took 5 minutes to get a manager. Eventually they said they'd refund my order, but they weren't even busy at the time. Still a one star place.   Old Review:  Went in to get some food to go. Sadly, I wasn't able to get any. It didn't seem busy, and there was only one person in line. I ordered and the cashier was friendly and knowledgeable.   I then waited for my food. I noticed many people asking to speak with a manager because their food was taking 40 minutes. I checked the wait list, and I was #14.   Somehow, in asking for a manager, another patron ticked off one of the cooks. That finally got the manager out of the back. There was lots of yelling and some pushing, but the guy left without his food and the cook bailed. I asked for a refund at that point. I was #12 after 20 minutes.   So I went next door to chipotle and it was great.
When I received a postcard from my hairstylist, Audi, I was ecstatic to see that she was relocating her station from a mall chain beauty salon to a local place that wasn't in such close proximity to crowded parking lots.  I was even more ecstatic when I arrived at the super hip, ultra trendy establishment. I was quickly offered a mimosa (!) and shown a spread of delicious munchies, from popcorn to pretzels to nuts and chocolate. Did I mention they offer mimosas? The decor is very industrial - exposed ducts and lots of concrete. The overal color pallette is blood red and dark grey. I dig it.  Oh, and what was that just to my right? A room where they do tattoos? While I'm not inked, I appreciated their different approach to beauty.  I can't speak for all of the stylists but obviously I love Audi as I was willing to deal with mall parking on the weekend just to see her. She always does a great job on my color and cut - she gets my hair like no else. In addition to the usual, I opted for the "evil"  Brazilian Blowout and the results have been fantastic! She also made my eyebrows ladylike again.  Audi told me that they intend to start offering fun bridal packages, which I look forward to for my wedding day!
Craving sushi after a long day of travel, and I happened to be staying next door to Narita.  Once again, I ignored the Yelp reviews and gave it a shot.  I was expecting lousy service, and instead got pretty good service.  My problem was with the prices and the food.  The sushi was expensive, and it really wasn't that great.   I don't remember all the names, but the roll with the cilantro and and jalapeno was the best of the bunch, but it wasn't in the $11.50 range.  The eel and avocado roll was average and relatively small (not much eel).  I ordered the blossom roll, because I love good scallop rolls, and in typical fashion, they were out of scallop.  He offered white tuna instead, and it didn't really matter, because this roll was bland.  The house salad has decent flavor, but it was very watery.  The killer was the sake.  My waitress recommended a medium, yeasty sake (never can get the names of sake) in a green bottle and was $10.25 for a small.  Stay away!  It was yeasty, milky, grainy, and tasted of bananas.  It was awful!  I really had a hard time drinking it.  I'm starting to get tough on reviews for sushi.  My recent trip to the west coast opened my eyes to the true potential of real sushi, and places like this just don't hold up.  I might have gone three stars if it weren't for the sake and high prices.
I ordered through grub hub, after our meal came I realized my husband's meal of ham steak and eggs was missing the ham.  when I called the person answering the phone all but called me a liar and further went on to say, "once the food leaves hear, we have nothing to do with it". I explained to her I would not waste my time calling her if it were not the case.  She further indicated "we have cameras, therefore she knew for a fact the ham was in the order".  Really lady if you in fact have cameras it's probably because there have been issues of this kind before..  And this folks is customer service?  Not!
Popped by for the first time yesterday and had THE best time staring at all the pretty things.   The shop is so beautifully designed and decorated, I probably lingered a little too long but I was just so enchanted!  They have vases of all sizes, planters, houseplants, and a cooler of flowers for you to make your own arrangement or pick up a premade bouquet (DROP THOSE HINTS, LADIES!). They also have great gift items like candles, soaps, books, and cards.  Quinn was helpful and attentive without being sales-y. I feel like I left with a new favorite vase and a new best friend   I visited their east location a few times in the past, but it was a bit of a hike. So excited to have them on the west side of town!
They are up and rolling at their new location.  The new space is a bit larger and more spacious.  The parking is a bit tighter than the old strip mall location but the building and location are much nicer.  Definitely an upgrade from the former location.  This is one of the BEST sushi restaurants currently in the area.  There were some others that came close but they seem to have dropped in quality while Kanno has consistently been excellent.  When I first heard about this place I was extremely skeptical as it used to be in a bit of a shady strip mall in Fat City and it didn't look that good outside or inside but once I tasted the food none of that mattered and now they have some upgraded fancy new digs.  They have an awesome blue crab roll and amazing soft shell crab spicy miso soup!    Elvis and his wife are the owners and work the sushi bar (and maybe you would guess there is a lot of Elvis artwork).  They have reserved seating for their VIP customers that eat there like twice a day as it is that GOOD!!!  You have to earn your spot in the reserved section so don't even try to sit in that area.  Everything I've had here has been outstanding and if you're really good they give you a tasty little frozen chocolate treat for dessert.  They are closed on Sunday & Monday and they take a long holiday back to Japan once a year so you might want to call to make sure they are open but they usually are and it is definitely worth a visit multiple times a week!!!
I had the pleasure of Dining Out for Life at Bistro Daisy this year. From the minute we entered, I knew that we were in for a treat. The staff was very professional yet extremely friendly. Our large party was cut in half by last minute dropouts, but they never missed a beat in serving the group. The bar made a great old-fashioned for me to start the meal. I had the endive salad with spears of Gala apples, bleu cheese, and white wine vinaigrette to start. It was refreshing and creamy at the same time. This was a very lovely way to wake up my palate before my entr e of handmade ravioli with crawfish and mascarpone. Delicious! Although a rather rich dish, the ravioli were cooked and seasoned perfectly and I enjoyed every bite I could. (I had to take some home.) I was too stuffed to even think about dessert, but the options sounded delightful. Serving amazing food in such a cute renovated shotgun house, I'm sure that Bistro Daisy will be on my list of potential date night locations in the future.
I HATE Mexican food! UNLESS it's from El Tio!!! This amazing, dive-bar, strip-center, hard to find parking, cheap, family owned restaurant serves the most amazing fish tacos and chimichangas and Salsa and OMG the Churros! My kids don't even like Mexican food and everything they order here they love. The lettuce and all the sides are all super fresh. The service is by people who really care - and now on Friday nights they serve FREE margaritas! What? I would give them a sixth star for that but Yelp won't allow it. I'm SO glad El Tio has come to town!!!
My wife and I just moved to Nashville from Atlanta.  We have been customers of Arrow in Atlanta for a couple of years and I've been satisfied with the service, so when I needed a termite inspection on a house we are interested in buying here in Nashville, I called Arrow.    The reason I am writing this review is what I considered to be particularly outstanding service that I received from the technician (Dennis) that came out to do the inspection.  This house is old and has a large and very tight crawlspace. When I was describing this to him, he listened to my requests and concerns, and did a very thorough inspection.  He didn't just glance at stuff to try and make it out of there in 20 minutes, he actually took his time and gave me a very thorough report of what he found.  Thanks, Dennis, for a job well done.  I will definitely be calling Arrow back for future service.
The food was so overpriced and was clearly made from cheap, processed ingredients that were not fresh. My friend ordered the pasta special for $20 and it was literally Shop-Rite penne I could have boiled on the stove at home. She put pepper flakes on it to give it some flavour, and it had no white-wine sauce which they had promised. My pizza dough was also clearly not fresh. All our pasta dishes and the pizza were bland and lacked flavour.  The food was very disappointing despite their attempts to appear Italian and authentic and it was very expensive. Would not recommend.
The hookah here is great. Always hits well and lasts a long time. You can really taste the flavor!  Laid back atmosphere. Can stay here for hours catching up or working. They're starting to have more events here. Belly dancer on Saturdays is always fun. I love to bring friends here.  The food is always good! My fave is the chicken shawarma wrap, saganaki, and Zeus fries. Packed with flavor and good portion sizes.   Service can be slow at times. That's usually because there is one person working the front of house. That's probably my only negative.   This is my go-to! No doubt I'll be back.
I'm terribly saddened by the negative reviews here...because I actually enjoyed my experience. I found Alluring nails through a Groupon and since it was close to work, figured hey why not. The location is nice for the North Carmel area. The shop itself is large and bright and inviting like many other nail shops. The pedicure chairs are large with massage. What stood out for me was the pretty pink chairs for your little friends to join you while  you are getting your nails done (nice touch...I see some reward based mommy-daughter time coming up). I had gel on both my toes and fingers so two separate nail techs worked on getting the polish off. This was appreciated because I was pressed for time. The pedicure was relaxing with a nice salt massage to boot!  The manicure was also nice and my manicurist was very detailed and gentle. I was glad she did not cut my nails all the way down to the nubs.   I would definitely give Alluring Nails another try.
These people are happy to collect your 10 bucks and sit back and relax while your kid gets trampled!  I was told to go ahead and purchase access to "everything" since there are no age requirements for any of their play areas.  "As long as your kid is adventurous, s'h/ell be fine.  We tell all our kids to be careful".  Within 30 seconds of being there, my son was knocked over by a 120lb preteen diving into the entrance of the larger play area.    Did anyone seem concerned?  No.  They were too busy counting their dollar dollar bills.    I made my way to the toddler area - which in hindsight seemed like the obvious place for us to play.  Well, there again were 5-10 year old jumping and running and diving around - creating a totally dangerous scene for the toddlers who were using the TODDLER PLAY AREA.   Why are there no rules?  Why does nobody even pretend to be supervising/enforcing safety precautions?    This is where you should go if you want to let your 4-10 year old run wild.  Not where you go if you have small kids or appreciate safety.....
Drove all the way to this restaurant for a big disappointment !.  From the time we were seated, to the time we left, it's the worst experience ever.  For Saturday night, there were only a handful of people in there. There was only one person working, ( owner ? ) and he ran the bar, the kitchen and served.  Took over 30 mins to just get our drinks !.  His attitude was really bad, like he was upset that we were there and he had to wait on us.  The food was ok and he wasn't even listening to what we wanted to order.  The shocker was when the bill came, we were shown a bill with an amount, but then when we gave our credit card, another $40+ was added on as " gratuity "  which was not mentioned anywhere on the menu and we had already left a tip on the table.  When we confronted this one person that worked there, his attitude changed for the worse and started calling us names and shouting, so we just walked out and it ruined our night !.  Robbed and Abused !  Will never go there again !.  Advise :  If you must go this dump, then Check your bill thoroughly !...
This cozy spot in Center City offers some tasty Thai food at reasonable prices.    The appetizers, like the spring rolls, can appear tiny when looked at.  Probably because they are.  The entrees, at lunch, at least, are not particularly large, but are a good size to fill you up but not stuff you.  And more importantly, they are yummy.  At least my chicken curry was.  It was so good I wanted to lick the plate clean.  The chicken meat had a good taste and texture, too.  And there are many more entrees to try on the menu.  Service was friendly and attentive, with a server never letting a water glass sit empty on the table.
