Sometimes, you go to their main office thinking you would get things done faster. I came to get my electric transferred to a new location and they want more identifications. It's crazy but they want you to sign you life away. All this information is already in the system and they want more. Not only did I waste my time but got sent home to get more id's. It's ridiculous how redounded they are. Driver's license check, social security ??? who carries their social security cards with them anymore. All this information, already in the system but they still need it. Worst policies and procedures.
"Going to the pub"...Sounds so nice, and brings to mind a cozy little place with a good draft beer selection with wood paneled walls and a guy with a tie on behind the bar, right? At Cherry Street Tavern, it's all here. This place is the perfect corner bar. It's got all of the above, with a fun rotating tap selection of local brews, as well as a full bar for cocktails, if you are in the mood for a mixer. It's got three TV's with local sports on them, so you can catch the game, and nicely, they aren't too loud, and the music selection us usually pretty fun too, a mix of classic rock and other well recognizable tunes.  It's a good place to hang out with a few pals, and grab a brew. Check it out, it's a nice place.
If I could give negative stars, I would. DO NOT waste your money. These guys ARE NOT the kind of people you want in your home /handling your belongings. Their movers literally complimented a giant cactus ($200 house plant in a $90 pot), and STOLE it. After reporting the theft to the company, they did nothing. Both buildings (the old & new) had footage confirming the movers leaving with the plant and never entering the new unit with it... as if anyone wouldn't notice their big house plant missing? They also put my bed together half-ass, so I ended up falling through it the first night, Ha! Honestly, the experience felt like a bad dream. Not only did I spend $400 on movers, I tipped all 3 (another $150), only to have them steal from me and do nothing to correct the matter.
So I just moved to the area and took a chance on trying this spot for pizza, and I wasn't disappointed in how good it tastes! The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because I ordered a large cheese pizza, EXTRA cheese. I felt like they didn't put any extra cheese on it and it was just a regular cheese pizza. So if I'm paying almost $18, I'm kinda expecting it to be cheese that's practically falling off the pie. Also the guy who took my order over the phone sounded like I was bugging him for giving my business. But these are teens/young adults running the store. Other than that, good location with a parking lot and speedy service.
For the price, this place was awful.  Very confusing layout for a conference attendee (the rooms are really far from the conference center and it's a maze of tourists with kids, other conference attendees, and shops/trees to navigate along the way). The resort is ridiculously far from anything fun in Nashville (at least a $25 cab ride to downtown).  The food options on site are extremely overpriced and limited in variety.  Not the place to go if you're a vegetarian or just don't like to eat meat/greasy pizza all the time.  There is a mall next door with some chain alternatives for food but still nothing I'd be excited about.  I mean, that's half the fun of traveling is eating local.  None of that at the Gaylord!  Basically, it's a contrived "resort" in the middle of nowhere with not much in the way of culture or live music, which is sad for a Nashville location.  The hotel rooms themselves were also extremely disappointing for the price.  The beds didn't even have comforters on them! Just a thin blanket that felt more like a second sheet.  The only reason I'd return is if my professional organization held the conference here again, and even then, I'd probably stay off site and rent a car (but on-site parking is also apparently a rip off).
(Horrible)  where to start..  I travel 8 months out of the year.  For me to take the time to write a review is really bad.  Food, well it's disgusting along with the service.  Bar tender along with all other employees are quick to bring you a drink for the most part.  Food however, forget it.   Not to mention you truly don't want what they're serving!  Ordered their standard house burger with lettuce and tomato.  Came without both.  Asked for medium rare, was told sorry it's frozen..  Got the Philly with order too.  That amount of got peppers is a sure sign that meat is bad.  Because why otherwise would you ruin a simple steak & cheese with so much none tasty spice?  Not to mention the ridiculous chain smoking.  If you're looking for live music and a friendly local vibe.  Please don't go through what I have. Go somewhere else!!
BEST MARGARITAS AND GUACAMOLE EVER! I used to hate Mexican food before I started eating here, but El Vez has changed my entire perspective. I used to come more often when I was attending university in the area but since I moved I would drive all the way from NY to El Vez for the food and drinks. The ' El Vez' margarita is amazinggggg, top shelf tequila and just the right amount of lime juice and mixer, just two drinks and I am sent to my happy place. The guacamole and homemade baked chips are crazy good. I would sacrifice my calories for the week for a bowl. Any of the food I have ever ordered off the menu has also been great, tacos enchiladas, fajitas all fantastic. Also I love the super cute vintage photo booth in the back, take photos every time after spending some time well spent at the bar. Overall amazing dining experience and in a great part of center city to bar hop after.If you have not been here yet, go!!
Very friendly and helpful the only reason 1 star is because on certain days there is only 1 person and peak hour happens, it's hard to serve everyone when there is a line. They need at least 2 people. The store is very professionally clean. The customer service rep there was very diligent in his work. They don't sell ink there. And very understandable with customers to which would make them happy. Get the feeling if you dress professionally or business they will prioritize the urgency. If you're wearing sandals like you're from high school that just ate from sugar fire, they may judge you and you can tell the urgency isn't as leveled out. Overall they do a good job at getting things done. They can be more interactive.
We've spent the last 9 months coming to Cavanaugh's every Tuesday to play Quizzo with the famous Irish John hosting; a team of four to six players, getting burgers and drinks every visit and making sure to tip generously. We've always been well behaved and have gotten to know some of the waitstaff and bar staff. One of our players has a restricted diet for medical reasons and usually just gets a bottled water. How do they thank us for our loyalty and repeat business? By banning this player from the quiz last week out of nowhere, because "a bar is a business"; and having the quizmaster notify us of this, no less.  I guess it didn't occur to them that alienating a table of 4-6 patrons who order food and multiple rounds of drinks ever week--because one guy gets bottled water--isn't exactly the best business sense. To our confusion they have no drink minimum or order minimum policy for Quizzo, nor did they think to simply approach him and ask that he order more than bottled water (at any point before telling him he's just not welcome), or seem to care that it was for medical reasons. My wife went back to ask them about it this week, and they were adamant about the decision.  We've enjoyed playing Quizzo here a lot. It's been our weekly ritual for a long time now, to come meet our friends for burgers, craft brews and trivia, which makes this situation suck so much more. But we're not coming back after this.
I don't know if we came on a lucky night, reading some of the other reviews, but suffice to say, one of the best meals we have ever eaten. Certainly one of the top two in NOLA. From the Pate' amuse before the meal, right through the dessert, they were right on the money, with impeccable service & great cuisine...   Chef Todd Pulsinetti, after hearing we were Restaurateurs, offered to 'cook for us' in absence of an 'official' tasting menu. I never got more than a glance at the menu. Turtle soup - Hearty and flavorful (sorry, R'evolution, they got ya beat on this and the Shrimp and Grits) The Fish with Andouille Hollandaise was great. I ate so much that I almost had to beg off the entree, but that too was spectacular; an Aged NY Strip over Corn & Crab Orzo, (or possibly Risotto).. With 7 courses for me & 4 for Nikki, the entire cost was $200 & change, including a signed copy of John's 'My New Orleans' cookbook, so I can steal his recipes.. LOL  Todd & John, you are to be commended on a fine job and a great show...
Which Wich offers a decent sandwich with fresh ingredients. They have a wide variety of types from cold or hot with bread, wraps, baguettes, or lettuce wraps. I enjoy their french dip, philly cheese steak, or gyro. My son loves their chocolate shakes. They are generally courteous and quick at this particular location. We will stop here on rare occasion for convenience due to its location - but not too often as pricing is a little high for a sandwich (approx $10 per). I'd like to see more meat for this pricing. Four stars for cleanliness, friendliness, freshness, quality, and wide array of choices. I'd like to take a half star away because of pricing - but we will stick with 4 Stars.
I went to get my nails done right before Christmas.  Only the 3rd time I've ever had them done so all procedures are new to me.  The technician (a male) proceeded to file the tops of my nails like there's no tomorrow.  It went on and on, to the point that I looked at my daughter and asked if this was normal.  The manicure itself took an inordinately long time though I was happy with the results.  2+ weeks later and the polish started to pull off.  No problem with that as that seemed usual.  With the polish off, I noticed that my once thick and strong nails are now thin and peeling.  The damage that his filing did to my nails is incredible!  It will take months for the damaged nails to grow out.  I will never go to this salon again and would discourage anyone from going there or at least to this technician.
This is our 100th review! Woot, woot.  I came to Agustin Kitchen for lunch with a friend today and had an absolutely delightful experience. We sat inside and highly enjoyed the modern, clean, and inviting decor. While the specials sounded delicious, I ordered the chicken chopped salad and my friend had the veggie burger. Both were completely amazing! The salad has dried papaya, grains (buckwheat I think), slivered almonds, cheese....and the champagne vinegarette was perfectly emulsed. YUM. The veggie burger on the new summer menu has a curry aioli, which really stands out. With filling entrees around $10-14, eating here at lunchtime is an excellent choice for the budget conscious foodie. I love that the atmosphere, waitstaff, food, plating and all the parts of this restaurant are unassuming and authentic. For a place as award winning as this, it welcomes all kinds of clientele and makes everyone feel at home. Totally on point!   Looking forward to coming back for brunch...I saw a killer looking Bloody Mary on the way out....
We were on a road trip Saturday from Washington State to Nevada when the check engine light came on in our 1998 Camry in Oregon. We called the Toyota dealership in Boise where we would be passing through, and they agreed to check it out when we arrived in town. The service advisor who helped us, Kaden, got our car into the garage bay as soon as we arrived to have the mechanics diagnose the code. He let us know it was a sensor causing the light to come on, and that we could safely continue on our road trip and have the issue corrected once we arrived back home in a few days. Kaden was very helpful and friendly, and due to their quick service, we were able to get back on the road with very little time lost, and a lot of peace of mind, knowing that we didn't have a serious mechanical problem with the car.
We went here at 5:00 on a Saturday. We used the no waitlist app through yelp. It said we had a 15 minute wait and were 6th in line. We got there and they said they could get us right in. First, I loved the atmosphere. The decor and vibe of the place was perfect for a date night. This was our first time here and the waiter really took his time to explain the menu to us. We ordered drinks and I got the bourbon slush, which was house made and amazing. We ordered a chop salad to share as the waiter said they were all big enough to share. It was really good, we weren't a big fan of how big the pieces of bacon were, but they were easy to eat around. Also, if you don't like green tomatoes, this salad has them as well.   Now, can we take a moment to talk about the amazingness that is the lobster roll. Holy moly. We got the warm Connecticut style with butter and it was out of this world amazing. It was so well seasoned, and was extra buttery andWe got chips, ff, slaw, and green tomatoes to try. They were all ok, but nothing amazing or over the top. My husband liked the green tomatoes, but thought they were a little thick and over seasoned.   Overall, I am so happy that we went and look forward to going back again!
All I can say after eating here is, "Wow." Just wow. How I went all four years of college with this place right down the street and never ate there, I cannot explain. I missed out on years of delicious taco-eating pleasure, that's for sure.  The food is simple - tacos a la cart. No fillers to the meal such as beans or rice. Simple tacos packed with so much flavor that you don't really need much else. I ordered three tacos: chicken, pork, and steak - pretty standard. But if you're feeling adventurous, they also have beef cheek, tongue, eye (yes, I'm serious), and a couple of other body parts to choose from for your meat. The meat is perfectly seasoned, and they fill each corn tortilla with a healthy portion. You can then add your assorted toppings - I opted for chopped white onion + cilantro, sliced radishes, a little bit of their green salsa, and pico de gallo. I don't remember the last time my mouth was that happy as when I took my first bite. I seriously debated eating there the next day for lunch too - it was that good.  Also simple - the restaurant seating. Nothing showy or over done, but there is ample seating. After eating there, I could see why they need it. The line was out the door the entire time I was eating. But they still manage to serve the food extremely fast - they're pumping out tacos left and right! It really makes you wonder...how many corn tortillas do they go through a day...or maybe that's just me.  Anyways, give this place a try. You'll be happy you did.
I stopped in just after 8 am for breakfast. It was my first visit. I ordered a breakfast burrito& coffee. I thought the coffee could have been hotter but I stood at the counter watching the guy make several orders. My very nice burrito was done & I took it to the other counter to pay. Then I sat down at a table near the window. The burrito was delicious although I thought it was a bit overstuffed with peppers and their fiery seeds. It was as I was eating I noticed how dirty the place was. There was food & debris all over the floor & the window sill had a long dead plant & its soil all over. No one had cleaned that area in a very long time & no one had swept and mopped at least from the day before. A place that it's dirty at 8 am has a serious problem. I lost my appetite & left.  I don't care how tasty food is .The place isn't clean.
Not a local but spend a fair amount of time in Tampa on business. I almost always go so a sports bar very near Duffy's but came here on a recommendation from the hotel van driver.  Never again.  In all fairness to the two bartenders and the bar back, they were somewhat busy.  I walked in alone and sat at the bar.  Waited a few minutes, nothing.  Made eye contact with a bartender.  Nothing.  With the other bartender, raised a finger.  Nothing.  Waited 10 minutes and watched as the two women behind the bar bustle about AND serve a few other women who had sat down after me.  Got up and left.   I understand busy, but at least acknowledge my presence with a quick word or gesture.  Was completely put off by their lack of customer service. I went back to my usual hangout a block away at the Brick House.  Super friendly and efficient staff. I'll stick with them.
We walked in 15 girls deep for a bachelorette and were placed at 2 separate round tables. When asked to all sit together, they couldn't accommodate. My entire meal was uncomfortable as I kept getting the back of my chair bumped by the servers. Seafood platter was delicious, very fresh and tasty. However, they gave us flounder instead of red fish (what we had preordered) and when we asked, we were dismissed and told we should like flounder. The manager came over and offered us free shots to make up for the mistake but I don't know how that makes sense since we still wanted the red fish. Apparently they sold out. Why they didn't preorder more knowing we had reserved the meal in advance is beyond me. Mind you, the flounder was a completely different taste and texture. Our server forgot someone's drink and never came back with it. In fact, he was the one who tried to convince us we wanted flounder in the first place! As a customer, a full time sales liaison and a part time waitress/bartender, I would've appreciate - and expected- better customer service and management problem solving skills. 3/5 for still having good food but overall poor experience.
The Kolache Kitchen in the CBD is open (signs on the door still say "Coming Soon" but they're open)! I haven't been to any of their other locations, but boy am I glad this opened near my office. My coworker loves their Baton Rouge spot, so I decided to check them out. You order at the counter, no seating except for a few stools at a counter.   Everything is reasonably priced. I got the egg & cheese kolache which was good, but their breakfast taco is can't miss. They make their breakfast taco to order and it comes with to-die-for salsa on the side.   Everyone here is also super friendly! If you're looking for a quick grab-and-go option, definitely check this spot out. I've already been twice and will be back again.
Getting a tattoo, well, you're either going to be intimidated by the staff with their "hardcore ink" and feel like a poser.  Or, you're going to say "you know what, I don't give a shit that I'm not getting a full sleeve of flaming skulls and naked chicks.  This is about me.  Suck my balls."  At Trader Bob's, I expected to have the emotional outburst of the latter.  But I didn't.  Why?  Because they're cool.  And nice.  And they can laugh and understand that there are people out there that don't contemplate their next tattoo like they're the Dalai Lama trying to achieve Nirvana.  For some of us, we just randomly say to the spouse "write something on a piece of paper so I can have it inked on me."  So thanks Rob - you're cool, you're understanding, and you did a great job.  I'm happy and I'll be back.
Really knowledgeable guides that are prepared for any incident out on the Truckee River. At first I thought the trip may not have been as exciting as I wanted it to be but the last mile gives it all at once. Actually got popped out of the raft, but don't worry, our guide Taegan was in action quick and got us back on track. I would say the falling out part made the trip more exciting and Taegans response sealed the deal on my 5 stars. Good trip for beginners, plenty of calm places to take in the scenery and enough class 2 and 3 rapids to make it worth your while.
What a great experience. The drinks, food, service, atmosphere, and even the music was perfect. We had no issue making a reservation for outside for a Thursday night for 4 people. We ordered cocktails (I had the Ocho which was perfect!) and a starter (tuna ceviche which I loved and even my no fish eating husband tried and liked ok). Our server did not rush us through ordering and was very attentive. My dinner was the beef fajitas and it was great. Could have used a little more chimichuri sauce. Two dinners came out about 5 minutes before the other two, which was the only issue with timing but no big deal. I have dietary restrictions and had no issue finding something to eat without major modifications. Overall it was a great night.
OMFG this place is to die for. I am willing to get to work late if I'm eating here. I love it! The one thing that is on our bill everytime is the cinnamon roll pancake! It's the size of the tire on my car! Their Benedict's, ask to hear the special then cut the server off and order it! It doesn't matter what they say it's friggin amazing! That's kinda what we did today lol. You won't be disappointed that you went here, and if you are, then you need to lol in the mirror and ask yourself why!? 6 star review from me!
Don't do the oyster shots. I know it sounds fun and you're probably already drunk, but just don't - or if you do you should have some better alcohol to wash it down with because that taste will punch the back of your throat otherwise!    The food here was pretty decent and comparable to other local places we tried on our trip.  I liked my crab cakes and also liked other dishes that I tried.   Lots of bread/fries with each order.  Stick with the seafood the jambalaya was also good when I tried a little bit of that from my cousin's plate.  Go early or expect a wait.  We came with a big group so it took a little bit of a wait but if you go with just 2 to 4 people it shouldn't be that bad.
A lighter, less kitchy version of mass-marketed Chinese restaurants.  Food preparation is lighter than most Chinese restaurants, but still sweeter and heavier than family-owned establishments. I was pleased at the portion size for "lunch" options.  The "dinner" option would be too large. Service is good, but inexperienced and press for time.  Food was served promptly and was hot.  Ordering and payment were delayed.  This was outside the influence of the service staff.   The decorations were evidently Chinese, but without the kitchy tropical garden decor. Overall, meets wxpectations.  The stomp of corporate head office footsteps not too heavy.
Kevin is a wonderful, thorough, patient and honest inspector.  It's not common to find a person who is both skilled with the practical things in life and communication.  Kevin is one of those people.  His knowledge helped us avoid a beautiful, charming house that was an absolute disaster under its fa ade and helped us understand the amount of work needed for another house that we ended up buying. We really appreciated that he never offered an opinion or bias, he just gave us the facts.  We are now 2 months into home ownership, and everything he has said has been spot on.  We have referred to his inspection report again and again, which is very specific, complete with photos and color coding to emphasize priority levels.  Home owning and renovation are very costly, and knowing what you are getting into makes all the difference in the world.  We are so grateful to Kevin for his attention to detail and  thorough understanding of all the components that make up a house, he is truly a master. He even gave us a discount for his second time giving us a inspection, which was a real life saver for us, it was very kind.   He has made the structural aspects of first time home buying understandable and fun. Thanks a million Kevin! You're great at what you do!    Ruby and Ian
First off, we are spoiled with our zoo.  It is beyond awesome and it's free.  This experience for $25 per person was disappointing.  I expected much more for the money.  I get it cost a lot to build but you did a terrible job with budget if that is what you are needing to make.  I know you see more and better at the zoo.  Our time to go in was 11:15.  We were finished by 11:47.  NOT worth the money if you've ever gone to any other aquarium.  I'm pretty sure Bass Pro has them beat!
Sharon gave me a wonderful massage!  She is very nice and easy to talk to, and I liked her technique.  Her movements are very specific, and I think she focuses on pressure points and the use of acupressure.  I liked the homey feel of the massage room, and I would rather support local businesses like Sharon's than go to a corporate massage chain.  I highly recommend her for no-frills, skilled massages and pressure release.  If you are looking for complete silence, candles, and more of a total spa experience, this is probably not what you are looking for, but I still suggest giving her a try regardless!
Jazzed indeed!  Got to listen to some SERIOUS jazz on this night of all nights. Got lucky for sure!  They had some twin saxophones playing with drums and electric piano mixed in.  Heard me some Dexter Gordon tunes, as well as a little Take 5 going on there..   Atmosphere is really what you should expect in a place like this, a little noisy, a little busy, a little annoying. And yes folks, that does include the service which may/may not be good depending on crowd and control of it. This was a fine, warm night and the sound was perfect. We went upstairs because it was so crowded below, and that looked like the best kept secret because we had a great view from above. I might have just blown that now, but nonetheless, it was cozy up there and you just head to the bartender and he will take care of you, and get you that cold drink.
I wish I liked this place more. I see the appeal - small, independent, family owned, eclectic. But I feel like raving about this place is a little pretentious. The sound system is always fuzzy and the picture's not that great. They do show some art-house features but they also show stuff like "War of the Worlds" and "Batman" when they come out. Also, they close sometimes, unexpectedly. I know we're supposed to be anti-corporate, but I still want quality (and this place isn't any cheaper than the Ritz). I will say that the service is great and the crowd is very respectful. It's also near the Square, where there are no other movie theaters (unless you count "adult film"). Maybe it will grow on me.
We ordered green tea, milk tea with boba, bowl of ramen, and spam musubi. It was a Sunday night ad pretty busy with mostly college students.  Service was quick. Food was decent. I'm not a huge ramen person, so someone else might think the food was great, amazing, etc. The spam musubi was decent too, although I don't like the dried fish flakes they put on top.The drinks we ordered were good, though.   I don't think I'd come back right away, since its not my first choice for a meal, but if ramen is your jam, check it out.
I was visiting a friend they recently moved to Tampa and had yet enjoyed the city. The water taxi provided a great relaxing way of learning about the city while kicking back some drinks and enjoying the views. The price is a little steep of $20 for a day of just riding up and down the bay but it balances with being able to hop on and off various stops. We enjoyed ourselves and found some hangout spots all in the comfort of our water taxi. If you don't know what to do when you have a visitor , this is a good option.
I have been going to the Chop Shop every 1-2 months for over two years now, and almost every time I have had a different stylist. Twice I walked out disappointed in the cut, and twice I walked out feeling like I had a really great cut. That should tell you something.  Chop Shop is the kind of place you go to because you like spending $10 on a haircut, you always forget to make appointments (they take walk-ins and they're open seven days a week), and you're not particularly picky about the result. Being that I have very short hair, I know that even a just-OK cut will grow out in a month or so. In the meantime, I rub molding cream in to mess it up, so no one knows how just-OK that cut is anyway. For someone like me, Chop Shop is the obvious and practical choice.  If you ARE picky about your hair, though, I would say this place is not for you. Otherwise you risk getting someone who spaces out while they snip, leaving you to fix it yourself at home.
F and I have lived in Trenton since 2003 and have never been to the only authentic Irish Pub, Tir Nan Og! It isn't because we didn't want to, but it just wasn't on the radar. Thankfully, while participating in the Passport To Trenton Contest, F stopped in for a Murphy's. As soon as he told me about it I was hot on their trail. About a week later I finally made it. It was a late Wednesday night and Jude was manning the bar. It was pretty quiet when we arrived but surprisingly as it got later the place started to fill up. This is a really cozy spot where everyone feels welcome. There is beer on tap and plenty of Irish whiskey choices to wet your whistle. There's a dart board, live bands and friendly conversation. What more could you want!
The staff was wonderful, warm, & welcoming! The technology used in this office is awesome! I appreciated the thorough cleaning & xrays done by the hygienist & the thorough exam done by the doctor. Unfortunately, the visit ended a little more abruptly than I'm used to at my previous doctors...   I was advised to get a root canal, get my wisdom teeth extracted, & to get a cap... and then I was told, "alright, that's it! have a nice day :)" & she left the exam room.... So I grabbed my coat thinking maybe the front desk would advise when I needed to come back in to get those things done... but she said "have a nice day, bye" also LOL!...   I'm still not sure if they just don't do those procedures at this location? & if not, I wish they would have given me a referral to who does? I'll call back today because I'm confused on the next steps... but yea.. that was a bit weird....:-/.   At my old dentist, when he said I needed a root canal, he gave me a suggestion of a place to go, the address, the telephone number, and then scheduled my follow up to make sure it looked good & put a cap on it.... without me asking for it at all...
um how about some rotten produce? and dont look for vegetable campbells soup cuz some genius decided not to sell it a few months ago. the deli workers work slower than they look like they are and they never stop bullshitting with each other while you wait. Oh and then they act like you are disturbing them. Some of the people that work there actually get in your way while they are putting things back.  chips? smashed up. cookies? look like they were tossed on the ground a few times. no quality control here.  I've actually taken meat and fruit back because its rotten within a day.
Great selection and they have a near constant buy 1 get 1 sale.  Ask for Neo as he is outstanding for helping you get what you need and has a phenomenal eye for making you look good. The other associates are pretty good too, but Neo takes the cake.  They will get you exactly what you are looking for, will adjust if you aren't thrilled with what they pick out and ensure you get what you're looking for. They will offer matching shirts, ties, tie clips, shoes etc, but will not push them on you if you aren't interested.  Understand the price of their nicer suit selections as they will run between $300 - $700 which isn't bad when you consider you will get two.  They do have some nice designer sports coats for less than $100.   I ended up paying $1350 when all is said and done, but that's what I was planning to spend. 2 full suits (Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger) a sports coat, 4 collared shirts and ties, 1 pair of shoes, 1 belt and 1 tie clip.  A pretty good haul if you ask me.  All were tailored for me in house. I bought them at 10am, and had the first full outfit ready to go for a wedding that night by 4pm.  When I went to pick them up, they let me change in the store. They then shipped everything else to a store near my house for pick up since I flew in for the wedding so I didn't have to carry it all home on the plane.
We made reservation for my boyfriends birthday (on a Friday night at 730) we got there early and they were very accommodating and seated us. The restaurant on a Friday night a few weeks before Christmas wasn't full which was surprising.   We ordered the onion bisque and I felt that is the was to creamy but my partner liked it. Next, I had the pork shank (I highly recommend) and broccoli casserole and he had a steak ( I can't remember which one but in the $50 range) and carrots. Pork shank was fantastic! My partners steak was good but nothing exciting. He's been more excited about a steak at outback.  After that we ordered dessert. It took over 15 minutes to get our dessert to us and it was cold. Pecan pie and carrot cake straight out of the fridge. Luckily they didn't charge us for the dessert.   So I am giving our experience a 3 star because of all the places to spend  $200 on a meal this one just didn't hit the mark. It was sadly just mediocre.
Been going to Shay's for years to get hair cut and colored by Shannon who is the BEST in Nashville! Will never go anywhere else. Best at getting hair color perfect and looking totally natural!   GOOD NEWS EVERYONE: she now has a stylist named Chantal who just put on eye lash extensions for me that are FABULOUS!  She is so professional and very concerned with meeting the clients expectations. I was a bit nervous at first but she made me feel so comfortable and confident in her ability.  So happy I did this for me!  Thanks Chantal!
Well, I've seen a ton of negative reviews, but I really don't have any complaints. The gentleman at the counter was very friendly and engaging, they got my order right. The roll was fresh, there was a fair amount of steak on the sandwich. The provolone cheese could have been melted a little more though, they didn't seem to know that the cheese goes between the bread and the meat/onions. But the ingredients came together well, there was a good ratio of bread to meat to cheese to onion. And hey, a free hot cherry pepper? Don't mind if I do! I'm sure there are better cheesesteak places in Philly, but especially for an airport, this is a quality stop.
The location was nice because we were very close to the beach. However, the walls were extremely thin and we could hear everything that was happening around us. The showers and toilets made a lot of noise. Our neighbor woke us up at 6 am because they were showering. The people upstairs had their AC going the whole night which sounded like a generator going off outside our window and made falling asleep very hard. There was free wifi but out of four devices, only two were able to connect which was frustrating. The staff was nice but they couldn't do anything to help our situation. Overall, the price is way too high for a very average, unpleasant night.
Now that I lead food tours, and several of the stops are in Reading Terminal Market, I have even more respect and appreciation for this market. Did you know that all the vendors in here are completely local? They have to be in order to even be allowed to sell their food in here. Also, there really is a complete selection of everything from Dinic's roast pork sandwiches (which make me want to quit being a vegetarian when I look at these overflowing meat sandwiches, complete with greens and cheese on a soft roll, just oozing deliciousness), to the best pretzels EVER at Miller's Twist (pretzels that are dipped in butter and are soft and flavorful) , to fresh cookies at Famous Fourth Street cookies... it's incredible. Fresh produce, fresh cheese, fresh meats, fresh hoagies, fresh cheesesteaks, fresh fresh fresh...and with about 80 vendors total, you have a huge selection of choices of cuisine. Oh, and there's a cute bookstore, too, along with some Amish specialty shops, and the "Spice Terminal," if you want more than just food.   And! One thing that's really awesome is that Reading Terminal Market has recycling containers for plastic bottles everywhere, so you can bring your bottles here to get recycled.   I am in love with this place. It can definitely be overwhelming, especially on the weekends around lunchtime, but totally worth it. And the smells are amazing of all the freshly cooked, homemade, local food. Yum.
I had a lot of used books I had listed on paperbackswap.com and half.com, and I got tired of having to go to the post office every few days when someone bought/requested one. I took them all offline and headed over to McKay's. I dropped my books off, and they gave me a number and told me to come back when it came up on the screen. It took 25 minutes, but that's okay because there is a TON of stuff to peruse in this store. It is actually a bit overwhelming.   The DVD section didn't impress me much, but I was happy to see an aisle chock full of TV series. I love to binge watch TV shows. I picked up True Blood Season 6, and they had it listed for $30.95. You can buy it brand new on Amazon for $23.74. That doesn't make any sense at all... A lot of their DVDs and books are overpriced, so I headed over to the bargain section and finally found some great prices. I picked out 9 books that totaled $4.15. After my $10.78 store credit, I still have $6.63 left to spend when I go back.   They offered $6 cash or $10 store credit for the 22 books that I brought in. Neither offer seems remotely close to fair, but I suppose it evens out when you can find a book for 10 cents in the store (which I did!).   I'll definitely be back to McKay's again, but I'll be checking prices online before I purchase anything over $5. There are many things you can find online for less money (even after paying shipping!) than at McKay's.
It's a 7-day/week karaoke bar. I was looking for the best karaoke in Tucson for my visit and this is one of the places that came up on google.  It's a pretty, friendly place. Some of the men were a little too friendly and way too grabby- to the point of inappropriate. Im not used to that at all. To keep it clean, and not gross people out, I will refrain from saying what they did.   All that aside, the karaoke hostesses are alot of fun! I kept getting there late and they often worked to fit me in once. Very cool!  They have a very big selection of songs- which of course is heavy on the country music, but big surprise! Actually, it was great b/c I got to learn a bunch of new songs I never hear people sing in NY.  Sometimes the crowd is very supportive of all who sing, and other times the hostesses have to rib the crowd for not clapping and supporting the singers.  I felt pretty comfortable most of the time going alone.  My last night in Tucson, they went out of their way to let me sing last and a lady even bought me a send-off drink. Very friendly!
We just went on this swamp tour last weekend with Captain Dave. This tour was so much fun, we saw 6 or 7 alligators and a bald eagle, and our captain could not have been better. We were celebrating my best friend's birthday and I think the cherry on top of a wonderful Mardi Gras trip was this tour. I would recommend to anyone going down - this is great for medium to large sized groups. Just a short 30 minute drive outside of New Orleans, it was easy to find and everyone could not have been nicer. All around great experience.
Very good modern BBQ joint with interesting menu, and the food is good which is the important thing of course.  I was surprised, even slightly annoyed, when they did not give me a knife when they gave me a fork for my beef brisket, but I quickly realized that I didn't need.  The meat literally fell apart upon first touch, it was that tender.  The two table sauces are vinegary, which I'm not really a fan of, but they were fine.  Like everyone says here, the cherry chipotle is interesting.  The best part is their beer selection, with at least 4 or 5 different IPA's.  I highly recommend the Hop Nosh IPA from Salt Lake City.
Johnny Brenda's is very good at COVID control as the security asked us for proof of vaccination. Once in the bar I wasn't sure how to navigate about getting drinks, but once we opened a tab my boyfriend and I had the Holy Tahit-O cocktail, a shot of vodka and a shot of whiskey. I think each shot was $6 and the cocktail was $10. Back in LA, cocktails cost almost twice as much so I think Philly's nice about their pricing. I don't think there was anything super special about the interior or the drinks or the service. Everyone's just minding their own business. Definitely not as loud and poppin' as Frankford's across the street, but a nice place to bar hop to after for harder drinks!
I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants - alright I can take it, I'm a bit of a snob - but we tried this restaurant for breakfast last Friday and I was surprised at how good it was. We had the "Sunrise special" and my husband and son had scrambled eggs and I had sunny side up "over easy." Now usually most restaurants will either make the eggs so rubbery they're tasteless - or so runny I want to run too! This time they were perfect - and we tried it again on Saturday morning and it was equally good. The place is clean, the wait staff is friendly, the price is reasonable and the food IS GOOD. What more can you ask for?
I am not typically a big fan of chain restaurants but decided that this one is a pretty good choice that makes all members of the family happy.  The husband and I had to take our two grown children out for a family meal which happens once in a blue moon.  We were seated and treated very nicely.  I was comfortable in our big corner booth.  We got the cheese and pretzel appetizer and inhaled that puppy.  I wasn't feeling the best that night so I just got the hummus plate and wow--it was a huge amount of food and wonderful.  It came with warm pita bread and jicima, cukes, carrots, the hummus was some of the best I have had.....I really enjoyed it.  You can expect to spend between 10-15 a head here depending on drink choices.  Everybody ate their food and seemed happy so good job Red Robin.  I will be back...
My wife and went with a specific budget and a couple of unusual needs in mind like a split California King, adjustable platform and a cooling gel mattress. RUDY is the man! He was very helpful explaining the subtle differences in various products and why the price varies so much by brand name. We didn't feel pressured to make any decision today and he did not try to upsell us or throw us into a different price range. We picked our set, stayed within our budget and started to pay when I happened to notice a high end looking futon (yes I said high end looking futon).   It was in the sofa position and I sat down on it. Comfortable, good back support...seems nice. Before I could even ask RUDY was breaking the futon out into a bed for me. I laid down on it and thought I could sleep a few nights on this bed if I had to. RUDY then raised the ends of the futon to make a nice chaise lounge. Wow, my man cave will love this. SOLD! Great for when we have company as well.
This was my second time eating at Ruby Sunshine. The menu is a bit more limited at the moment, but still filled with delicious options for everyone.    The coffee is soulfully good.   The mimosa was ok. My partner really enjoyed it, but not a wow factor for me.   The shrimp tacos were excellent (different meats to choose from!).  I also had a bite of his BLT (he added an over easy egg). It was very flavorful.   Previously I had the eggs Benedict with a crab cake and one with salmon it was outstanding!   Super friendly staff. Our wait time was a bit long, but they kept coming to the table and apologizing and updating us. They also ended up comping the meal bc of our long wait time. We were very surprised and grateful.   Great spot to bring the pooch, they even brought her a water bowl.
This was my first experience using professional movers, and I am very impressed with the service my wife and I received from BEK.  The movers (Zach and Ben) were courteous, friendly, polite and knowledgeable. They treated our belongings like they were their own, wrapping everything thoughtfully with the utmost precision. Our stuff arrived in exactly the same shape as it did when we left our apartment. Maybe even better!   The price we paid was extremely fair and worth every penny. No hidden fees, no surprises and I got everything I was expecting. As someone who had a lot of heavy shit on a 2nd floor apartment, I don't think I could have done it without them. Ben and Zach were young, strong dudes and you could tell they loved their jobs (they both said so!), which showed in their work. Very professional.  Although I don't plan to move again for a very long time, when I do, I'll call BEK.
Maybe it's because I'm not a Tucson native and so the nostalgia factor isn't there, but Eegees kinda fell short for me. I got an 8 inch original grinder or whatever it's called, and a large fries. Turns out the fries here are the cheap stuff that you can get from a grocery store and bake yourself. I was under the impression they were in-house proprietary sorta like In-N-Out or even Mcdonalds (ew), judging from all the accolades. Major bummer there. I'll give a point for the fact that they were prepared just right. The sandwich was ok, but I have had better. It just happened to be wayyyy too salty. I don't think they'd take my advice into consideration but adding some extra lettuce or something might balance out the flavors better.   Anyways, food aside, service was good and the location was relatively clean, plus I believe this location has free wifi that I did not use. I guess I would try this again if I happened to be starving and near a location, but I would not go out of my way.
Heard good things about this place, they exceeded my expectations!  Delicious!  Great experience, one of the best places I have been in a long time.  I keep thinking about it and want to go back!  The person I was with ordered the special which was a meat roll...it was meat loaf, with sausage, pepperoni, and mozzarella rolled into the center and then topped with a delicious marinara sauce, pasta in meat sauce as the side dish....to die for!!  I couldn't keep my fork out of his dish LOL!!!   I had the Philly Beef which was made with cream cheese, I ordered salad as my side dish.  Both were delicious too!  We topped it off with a slice of chocolate gooey butter cake...WOW.
We ordered dinner through UberEats on January 1st. I am not one to be lazy and pay a good amount extra to have my food delivered, but on the day I ordered, I was sick with a cold and not having to go out of the house looking like death seemed to be a good option.    When the food arrived, part of my order was missing and my son's entire order had been forgotten. I called to talk to  a manager and as soon as I mentioned that our order was incorrect, the manager interrupted me and told me I needed to contact Uber for aa refund. I told him that I still wanted the items that were mIssed and I would pick them up.  My son went inside to get the rest  of our food and they had it bagged up  and ready to go. Once I got home, my teriyaki chicken was  stuffed into the tiniest box ( it looked absolutely disgusting and they didn't give  me the teriyaki sauce! I made the mistake of not checking the bag before we left. I guess I had too much  faith in the manager. Being an area manager for some local restaurants in town, I know that any remade orders should be checked  thoroughly.
Stopped by for a Sunday afternoon lunch.  Fairly easy to get there, off of South Meadows Parkway and the freeway, sharing the location with the donut shop (interesting combo).  I amused myself watching all of the lunch patrons by dozens of donuts to take home as they were paying for their meals at the counter. I had the Vietnamese cold rice noodles with fried tofu and the tofu was really good.  The sauce for the noodles was kind of bland compared to other Vietnamese restaurants I had visited. Loved the Vietnamese coffee boba drink. Service was good, place was fairly clean.  The bathroom floor was kind of dirty. Good, inexpensive food.  Great for take out I suppose.  Not sure If I'd make it top of the list with other great Asian restaurants in the Reno area.
So many reviews, my adds are that the fish is fantastically fresh, the service is very good, the rock shrimp appetizer is delicious and large, and the decor is very hip with mood color changing walls and, have to say it, is it just me, the interestingly erotic table lamps. If those things weren't bolted down they'd all get lifted. People are perverts, you know? Pervs and thieves, it's a crazy world.  Anyway, you won't be disappointed. By the food I mean, forget the lamps. Honestly people, this is Yelp, not AFF.  But Jesus, they do light up on the end. Crazy, I really want one. For the kitchen I mean. Whatever, never mind.
I've been eating here regularly for tenish years and I've never once had a bad experience, even as they've changed ownership a couple of times. Service and food had always been good. I've never had the buffet, and I've personally only ever ordered vegetarian dishes. But there's a good variety of those, as there typically are at most Indian restaurants. My mother has always enjoyed this place, so much that she now refuses to dine in any other Indian restaurants because she finds anything else disappointing, she does eat non-veg dishes and is always delighted with them. I do eat at many different Indian restaurants, often. This is one of two that I'll be giving a 5 star review to (the other is not yet on Yelp).  There are many dishes that I truly enjoy here, but my absolute favourite, can turn any frown up side down, comfort food is the Malai Kofta Rangeen. I like it on saffron rice. And I like it more than nearly any food ever anywhere. This kofta is cheese based, served in a nice creamy rich sauce, 'Rangeen' because it has cherries in it.   Sometimes we pop in to pick up a 'bread basket' order to have with our own home-made curries, 'cause we don't have a tandoor at home. This is a variety of naans. Whole wheat, garlic, potato stuffed, etc. A really fun assortment.
Stopped in for dinner while in town for a conference. This place is in a historic building and they have done an amazing job of updating it! The patio out front is adorable with string lights, cushioned benches and succulent planters. The interior is also really sweet with unique modern furniture and a really cool-looking bar along one side. I wish the name was as unique and inventive as the decor and menu!   The cocktail menu is very extensive and creative. I decided on the Parisian Summer which was a gin cocktail with St. Germain, hibiscus and a few other things I can't remember. It was really good! I remember visiting Paris in the summer, and this tasted way better than Paris smelled...   For my entree I got the crisp griddled porchetta with creamy polenta, rosemary, jus, snap peas and a fennel citrus slaw on top. It was a huge portion, and it was so good that I cleaned my plate. The porchetta was tender and flavorful, the polenta was creamy and rich, the jus was nice and savory and the snap peas were perfectly cooked. I could have done without the fennel slaw. I understand it's purpose to lighten up the flavor of a heavier dish, but I had a version of this slaw a few weeks ago that by comparison was sliced thinner, so much less crunchy/more delicate.   Overall, I was very impressed and will definitely return the next time I'm in Tucson!
Have a wide selection of cigars and the staff was able to help me pick out cigars that are lighter in strength and more suitable for a novice smoker. The staff was patient with me, which I appreciated and gave me some tips on lighting up the cigar and what to watch for. I ended up getting a romeo y juliet, which was great I really enjoyed it, it was light and is the buzz is subtle, draw is easy and smooth. I also tried a patrona 1964 series, which was much stronger in stength and had a rough draw, I definitely felt the buzz after smoking that one. They have some tables in the store to sit and hang out, restroom available for customers, also have a small backyard with TV and chairs. We hung out in the back for a while and watched basketball games. Everyone we interacted were really nice. Definitely recommend this place if you are in the area looking for a cigar.
Mixed feelings about this place. Gorgeous and immaculate inside and the food was great! BUT, the service was odd. When I first came in, I had to ask them about their outdoor seating, because it was not set up. They brought chairs. When I was ordering, I sensed some obvious tension between the staff regarding their break times. Also, they didn't have some of their menu options available. A little disappointing. When they brought me what I'd ordered, they didn't think to include a spoon with my yogurt, so I had to leave my dogs once again in order to go inside just for a spoon. I get that this is not a full service restaurant, but there were at least 3 servers hanging out in the place, which was not in the least bit seeming busy, and they seemed to be fighting over whose break it was the whole time; you'd think they could make the customer feel happy. They took their breaks at tables right next to the ordering area, which seems a little unprofessional. Overall, I'd eat there again, but I don't expect much out of their service.
Terrible ordering experience. They have a newish $5 Menu, which i ordered from. I was literally HOLDING the stand up from the counter for the $5 Menu and the girl rang my items up as regular price, in addition to asking me no less than 3 times to repeat my flavor choices. She claimed she did not know that i was ordering from the $5 Menu and had to get a manager to correct. The manager came and corrected, she asked the original girl what flavors i picked, and the girl again asked me what i wanted. On top of that, i ordered 2 orders of wings and asked for ranch as she was running my card and she stopped in her tracks. Apparently they now don't even include a single ranch for orders of wings and she suggested i go somewhere else to get ranch.   Id suggest you go to the one 5 minutes away on Nissan Dr. In my (limited) experience they are much friendlier and seem to know what they are doing, in stark contrast to the employees at this location.
Ordered the sesame chicken, braised pork, and Beijing yogurt. Everything was so delicious especially the braised pork! Meat was flavorful and tender. The sesame chicken was also good and I liked the sauce they used to toss it in! Everything was packed neatly in plastic containers to prevent leakage. The Beijing yogurt came in a plastic bag with a cap on it. Tasted delicious and like the yogurt they make in Asia. Tart but a hint of sweetness to it. The staff was very friendly and kind! I would recommend anybody to go here if you are looking for great Chinese food with great service! The food only took 15 minutes to be prepared for us since we had gotten take out. Shop is located in a plaza with its own parking.
Like many others, I was thrilled when PJ's Pets decided to stop selling animals (especially puppies) in their stores. It seemed a definite step in the right direction toward responsible pet ownership, discouraging spur of the moment puppy purchases when shopping at the mall.   Soon after, PJ's was replaced by "My Pet", and sure enough, they now sell an assortment of animals, including cute little puppies they got from who knows where on display in the cramped little window kennels.   I will never shop here. Please spend your money at a more responsible pet store that supports local animals shelters instead of one that tries to sucker you into buying a $900 designer puppy. Or better yet, go visit the Human Society. Those dogs are just as deserving of a new home, and that's definitely a company we should be supporting, one that cares about animal welfare.
I don't understand why this location has such a low rating.   The dining area is designed with clear walking space between tables, well-lit and spotlessly clean.  There was a decent flow of customer traffic, typically a good sign on a Sunday evening, and I watched a female line worker survey and replace items with steaming fresh trays before another worker had to scrape the bottom of the pan. The workers were friendly and could answer a couple of ingredient questions I had due to allergies, but none of them engaged anyone in an in-depth gregarious conversation...which I'm sure I and the rest of the people in the line appreciate.   Food was hot, fresh, and flavorful - and they even have margaritas!  If you want a quick Mexican fix in this corner of town, you've found it.
Is this my new favorite brewery in Indy? I think so!  Cannon Ball is a hidden gem across the way from West Fork Whiskey. Can't wait to see this area continue to build up.  It's amazing to see what the chef can do without even having a full kitchen to work with! I've had their vegan "meatballs" that tasted like heaven, as well as their tacos.   I look forward to the day they reopen again, when I can belly up to the bar and enjoy whatever beer is on special.   Take care, Cannon Ball team!
Hotels.com thinks it is a 3.5 star.  Knights Inn would be an upgrade.  Check in-king size room we reserved was not ready, we accepted 2 doubles instead (no biggie and check in was long) Lobby was nice.  The rest was a house of horrors.  The carpet on the hall floor was old and worn. The doors were all beaten down and falling apart.  The previous poster must have taken a pic. of the best door.  They were really bad. The tub had old loose tile, dirty grout, a make shift patch job, and the curtain rod was rusted.  There was no hot water and tub was dirty. The beds did not have blankets.  The hotel uses sheets instead of blankets.  There was a hole on the cabinet.  The television, sink vanity, and bathroom floor tile were new.  I assume this was one of their "renovated" rooms.  Early in the evening I could hear a couple yelling obscenities at each other and it sounded violent.  The next morning on my way to breakfast, I walked by a man passed out on the floor in the hall(not the same room as the quarreling couple). The only redeeming quality of this hotel is the downtown shuttle.  The shuttle is great!
We had our daughters Quincea era on the 24th at the Whitney Peak Hotel. We used Epik Weddings for the event. They did special lighting , photography, video , dj and had an awesome open photo booth. These guys went above and beyond our expectations. They even ran our video and projector.   Planning a multi cultural party for 160 guests from another state was nerve racking. Erik put my mind at ease always checking in and making sure they had what we wanted. If you are planning a party a wedding or other event do not think twice about hiring Epik Weddings for the job. The party was almost a week ago and we are still talking about how wonderful it was.   Aaron was spectacular with the camera he never missed a moment . We can not wait until the pictures are ready. Epik Weddings made everything so easy . My daughter is still in a dream from her wonderful party. This wouldn't have been the party it was without these guys. I will upload a sneak peak of photo by Aaron White : this photo should be in magazines.
Purchased a Groupon for 45 minute session in a salt room.... Zero gravity chairs.... Relaxing music... I just lay there with my eyes closed and meditated....The only time I felt I needed a cough or do anything different  When I yawned I felt the salt come in my mouth. You could definitely taste and feel the salt on you leaves you with a white residue all over your skin. I wore light colored shorts and a white shirt and wrapped my hair up, they provide caps for your hair and robe if needed.  Add to review which I created on Google: I have been wanting to go to a salt room for quite some time and I was so excited to see that there finally was a local room I could go to. I first saw this driving by on my way home from work and I looked it up on Groupon and found a great deal. They have a beautiful facility, with waiting rooms, lockers and showers. Many different options at this location not just the salt room. Massage, yoga, infrared sauna, reiki, magnesphete therapy. I personally tried the salt room. Zero gravity chairs, and soft meditative music. They offer a robe and a hair net if needed also booties to cover the shoes. They also gave me a bottled water.  They offer monthly package pricing and multiple pack pricing. I would definitely go back. I chose to wear light colored shorts and a white T-shirt. You will have a white haze of salt all over you when you leave.  They also sell different salt lamps, scrubs, lotions, etc. definitely recommend.
What stood out the most was the great staff! While walking by Sat morning (with my dog, surprise, surprise) a gentleman out front suggested we stop by Sunday (w/o the dog, I didnt see outdoor seating), he hooked us in with my favorite words 'unlimited mimosas'. I believe unlimited bloody marys are included as well. When we returned Sunday everyone was just as friendly including our server & the gentleman making the omelettes to order!  This was the perfect spot for my friends & I on a rough Sun morning after Jazz Fest weekend. There wasnt live jazz (our headaches prob couldnt have tolerated it) & although the food selection wasnt large, there was something for each of us. I remember gumbo, a cheesy pasta dish, omelet bar, veggies & I believe a couple more selections. Like I said though, it was sufficient. The disposable serving dishes did throw me off at first, but I liked the casual atmosphere. The dining room isnt that large, but it wasnt crowded & we did not feel rushed whatsoever. We sat around for a while after we ate just recollecting the previous evening. I noticed a few people dining alone, I would return for more low key, chill brunches at a good price. If you're looking for a fancier experience, perhaps with out of town guests, you might want to hit up another place. Overall I was pleased!
I kept putting off finding a vet after I moved here from Northern California thinking I would just go someplace locally since there are several vet offices in and around Broad Ripple.  I also didn't want to just take my two cats in unless I needed to since they aren't fans of being shoved into a crate.  I figured unless they got sick, they would just wait until they needed vaccine boosters.  VCA offered a new client discount of a free exam and I printed out the coupon.  I assumed it could only be used for a 'well cat' visit.  Over the last day or two I noticed that my bad boy Rocky was showing symptoms of a urinary tract infection.  I called VCA this morning and got an appointment for him at noon.  After doing a Complete Urinanalysis, giving him a cortisone shot and an antibiotic shot which lasts for 2 weeks in lieu of pills (since I'll be traveling the next few days), I had anticipated a $200 vet bill.    Imagine my surprise and elation when the bill was only $82.  I got the free exam ($52) and for some reason they tacked on an additional Courtesy Discount of $25.  The fees listed on the invoice were reasonable and the care that they gave Rocky was phenomenal.    I could have gone to a closer vet, but I'm glad I came to this VCA Animal Hospital.  Dr. Dawn Haas was the vet who treated Rocky and he is now home and resting comfortably.  Hopefully I won't need to take Natasha in any time soon, but if I do, I know they will take good care of her.
I don't usually leave Yelp reviews but I wanted to commend Terminal Cafe and Khalil especially on exceptional customer service. There was actually a mistake where the kitchen printer did not print my fianc e's or my original orders and we ended up waiting a while. The staff eventually caught it and went above and beyond to make us happy. Khalil especially was very empathetic and even ended up not only refunding our money but also giving our friends free lattes as they were waiting for us to get our food to start eating. I'm not writing this so people can take advantage of Khalil's or the staff's generosity. But I do recognize that things will happen and it's not so much that they do happen but rather how they're handled. To this end Khalil and staff at Terminal Cafe easily receive 5 stars. We were visiting out of state but next time we're in Nashville we'll definitely visit again. This is a very quaint place. Seating is a bit limited but it's a chill atmosphere. What's important was that service is top notch and the food is very tasty.
So disappointed, I got the WORST pedi ever!   I wanted my nails cut shorter but, there are now corners missing on my big toe. The polish job is terrible, I have nail polish past my cuticles onto my skin (maybe that was to hide the missing part of my nail?).  I admit I have small baby toe nails but the polish job is so bad that they look twice as big as they are.   I just spent an hour trying to file and nip off the extra polish (gel so I can't just use remover) but it looks horrible. I guess I should have paid more attention to the polish job! Do NOT go here, there are plenty of other places close by that will do a much better job!
We've been to Casa Tina before and were looking forward to some good quality Mexican fare. We decided to have a drink and start with some nachos. We ordered the Monterey Nachos. HUGE mistake. Basically, this was a plate of bland tortilla chips with a pound or more of bland cheese melted on top of a thin shmear of refired beans and finished with a sprinkling of queso fresco and some thick cut, slightly burned jalopenos. To complete the picture, the tips of the chips were burned from the broiler. Were it not for the little bit of leftover salsa we had and the hot sauce from our attentive server, there would have been no flavor at all. Truly disappointing. Also, although not as important . . . in a town with many well-regarded craft breweries, one might rightly expect at least a couple of decent beers on tap. We did not stick around for more.
This was by far one of the most disgusting hotels I've ever stayed in. We paid a very large premium for staying here with our tournament group. After taxes we paid over $350 for two nights. The hotel room reeked of old cigarette smoke and and some other damp dank smell. The carpet was old and filthy. You could see leftover hair in it if you looked closely.  We were also charged an additional $20 for a rollaway bed. It was the equivalent of a kindergarten Nap mat on metal springs.   They apparently allow groups to "tailgate" for lack of better words all throughout the front of the hotel and in the lobby. We brought our own food rather than eat the breakfast that was provided because I couldn't bare to eat anything based off of the cleanliness of the rest of the hotel. The pool was just as top notch. Guests were mixing their own drinks pool side with blenders and large bottles of alcohol while small children swam and listened to their fowl language.   The other guests must have been running team practice sessions well into the night because our hallway never stopped vibrating.    This was my first and last experience with a Baymont. I would have felt more comfortable sleeping in my car.
Great customer service from Erin in the photo area. I headed here after discovering that you can take your passport pic here. I figured it would just be easier & quicker, and that I could avoid lines. While I did avoid all of that which was great, I ran into another problem.  They use a just a regular handheld cheap camera, not a professional one. The pics come out horrendous! Erin was so patient with me as every pic looked absolutely terrible. Worse than any drivers license pic that I ever taken. I thought the DMV was bad . Wrong! I appreciate them more now. She kept on trying until I was satisfied.  After trying to take numerous pics of me with eyes half closed, terrible faces etc.. I finally settled on one. Still terrible, but I finally just said F it, and gave up.  After some laughs between us, I think we both agreed it wasn't going to get any better than what it was . I pretty much told her, I don't even care anymore, pick a winner and go with it . Just print that "thing"! Good lord. It sucks that I'm stuck with it for the next 10 years , but at least I'm going places now. I can't wait to get the hell out of dodge . I'm out of here.
This is one of the best STARR restaurants in Philadelphia. Perfect for a romantic date night. Take a reservation in advance and they will set  you up on a perfect corner table in a separate inside dining hall, away from the rush that you see as you walk in to the restaurant. With just the right amount of light and a little lantern on the table you start feeling happy already =) Every dish on the menu was delicious. One of the best date nights in my opinions. The drinks are good and I loved the pillows on the booth that adds to your relaxation quotient. We ordered a ton of stuff and dessert too. Ended up spending a good hour and half to 2 hours. If you can, try going later in the night.  Best lamb chops ever!!
I ordered a poster needed for an event so I uploaded on the website.  I called and was told it would be done within an hour.  I went and picked it up two hours later and was told even though they saw my confirmation that they could not locate my order.  The "executive manager" did not even apologize for their mistake or offer any type of resolution.  Total disgrace.  Don't tell people that their order will be done in an hour if you have no clue. YOUR LOSS, THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER STORES OUT THERE LOOKING FOR BUSINESS!!   DO NOT SHOP AT THIS STORE, THE MANAGER DOES NOT CARE AND OBVIOUSLY THE EMPLOLYEES ARE NOT EDUCATED ON ANYTHING.
Fav spot to bring the kids for a guilt-free treat! Their fresh juice is amazing, lots of flavors and reasonable price. This spot is unique because they also are combined with a small active wear boutique, cute idea! The employees there are so sweet and they probably would of let my kids try all the samples they had (And my kids love it). Their ice cream is gluten-free, vegan, soy-free, & dairy-free. They have lots of toppings to choose from and the portion size is massive! We also had their s'mores donut and it was so gooey and delicious! I like this place because it keeps me on track with my healthy lifestyle but allows me to treats my kids. Flavors are 10/10. Atmosphere 10/10, lots of natural night, table tops and a bar area by the window.  Parking is 8/10, parking lot is small but I've never been here when it's been super busy. 100% love this place! We will be back for more treats!
Very good place.  Casual, comfortable.  Slightly hip in a nice, effortless way.  Pleasant outdoor seating.  The dining room is also cool -- small, intimate and relaxed.  Three Flags is a great oasis in its neighborhood.  The brisket burger and fries were very good and I would enjoy one again.  It is not over-the-top great as some reviews suggest, so temper your expectations.  The cauliflower gratin (with some broccoli) was superb, though.  It is not my impression of gratin.  The cauliflower is served roasted or grilled with cheese sprinkled on and a bit of oil and seasoning.  Might not sound like much, but if you have any interest in cauliflower, have it.  It is that good.
Honestly, one of best experiences I have had at a Sephora. All thanks to Tori! Honestly, the mall was busy and packed and I forgot all of my makeup in North Jersey. I dragged my boyfriend to the mall to see if i could something anything done on my face.  I ran in to get lashes and asked if I could get them applied.  Tori was extremely friendly and kind. She was so helpful, I think she could see the desperate on my face.  She even did my eyebrows!!! I loved my face for the wedding! It was so beautiful. Tori was a life-saver. She definitely made and SAVED my day!!
Service was horrible. Was seated, then waitress took my drink order. She brouggt my drink and took my meal order, which was their Turkey Dinner (not the turkey Manhattan). My salad was brought out and was good, no complaints there. Wheb my meal was brought out, I wasn't asked if everything looked ok or if I needed anything else. I didn't get rolls with my meal, nor did I receive any drink refills. Finally when the waitress came back to my table, it was to deliver my ticket and a drink to go. This shows she assumed I was satisfied and ready to leave. By The Way...they have a nice dessert selection which others around me had been asked if they wanted a desert before they were presented with their ticket. I assume, since I was by myself, they assume I don't want refills or asked how my meal is or if there is anything I need. When my ticket was given to me, I did let her know I didn't receive rolls or drink refills, she acted surprised. Not sure why she was surprised. She did offer a desert though; I declined.   That doesn't makevup for lack of service to someone just because they are dining alone. So, if dining alone go elsewhere if you want service.
Food rating: 5 stars Service rating: 1 star Hence the average: 3 stars  Went here on a Thursday night for dinner with a friend. Was seated immediately upstairs. Ordered the scallion pancake for appetizers and I got the dan dan noodles and my friend got the ginger chicken entree.   We got the scallion pancake pretty quickly. It was super duper yum!!!   Soon after, my friends ginger chicken entree came out. Without the side of rice. I've been here before and knew for sure that entrees come with rice so we asked for it.   However, when they served my friend, they didn't bring my entree. We waited. And waited some more. Meanwhile, no one even checked on us. My friend was almost half way through her dish, when finally we flagged them down and asked for my entree. And then after 5 mins they brought it out. Would've been nice if they'd at least apologized for the mistake and length of time or given some explanation. We also waited forever to get forks. They didn't seem to care to check on us at all.  I loved the dan dan noodles. However, it barely had any pork!   I'll go back. Only for the food!
Today I ordered on their app and didn't realize they closed early (6pm)for Labor Day (as they should)  the app let me order anyway and the owner called me and informed me they were closed but would make them anyway, but they only had one seeded and one non seeded roll. He didn't have to still make them it was an honest mistake somewhere in the app and usually I would say not to and just go home, but like I told them when I got there " I worked all day outside in the heat and just wanted a real hoagie"  awesome job Primos. And apologies again for slowing your home time down.
Update: Got curbside today. It's been like 2 years since my last review. This time I checked in and it was quite a while until they came out with my food. When I got home I noticed they forgot all of the sandwiches! I called them back and it took 5 minutes to get a manager. Eventually they said they'd refund my order, but they weren't even busy at the time. Still a one star place.   Old Review:  Went in to get some food to go. Sadly, I wasn't able to get any. It didn't seem busy, and there was only one person in line. I ordered and the cashier was friendly and knowledgeable.   I then waited for my food. I noticed many people asking to speak with a manager because their food was taking 40 minutes. I checked the wait list, and I was #14.   Somehow, in asking for a manager, another patron ticked off one of the cooks. That finally got the manager out of the back. There was lots of yelling and some pushing, but the guy left without his food and the cook bailed. I asked for a refund at that point. I was #12 after 20 minutes.   So I went next door to chipotle and it was great.
When I received a postcard from my hairstylist, Audi, I was ecstatic to see that she was relocating her station from a mall chain beauty salon to a local place that wasn't in such close proximity to crowded parking lots.  I was even more ecstatic when I arrived at the super hip, ultra trendy establishment. I was quickly offered a mimosa (!) and shown a spread of delicious munchies, from popcorn to pretzels to nuts and chocolate. Did I mention they offer mimosas? The decor is very industrial - exposed ducts and lots of concrete. The overal color pallette is blood red and dark grey. I dig it.  Oh, and what was that just to my right? A room where they do tattoos? While I'm not inked, I appreciated their different approach to beauty.  I can't speak for all of the stylists but obviously I love Audi as I was willing to deal with mall parking on the weekend just to see her. She always does a great job on my color and cut - she gets my hair like no else. In addition to the usual, I opted for the "evil"  Brazilian Blowout and the results have been fantastic! She also made my eyebrows ladylike again.  Audi told me that they intend to start offering fun bridal packages, which I look forward to for my wedding day!
Craving sushi after a long day of travel, and I happened to be staying next door to Narita.  Once again, I ignored the Yelp reviews and gave it a shot.  I was expecting lousy service, and instead got pretty good service.  My problem was with the prices and the food.  The sushi was expensive, and it really wasn't that great.   I don't remember all the names, but the roll with the cilantro and and jalapeno was the best of the bunch, but it wasn't in the $11.50 range.  The eel and avocado roll was average and relatively small (not much eel).  I ordered the blossom roll, because I love good scallop rolls, and in typical fashion, they were out of scallop.  He offered white tuna instead, and it didn't really matter, because this roll was bland.  The house salad has decent flavor, but it was very watery.  The killer was the sake.  My waitress recommended a medium, yeasty sake (never can get the names of sake) in a green bottle and was $10.25 for a small.  Stay away!  It was yeasty, milky, grainy, and tasted of bananas.  It was awful!  I really had a hard time drinking it.  I'm starting to get tough on reviews for sushi.  My recent trip to the west coast opened my eyes to the true potential of real sushi, and places like this just don't hold up.  I might have gone three stars if it weren't for the sake and high prices.
I ordered through grub hub, after our meal came I realized my husband's meal of ham steak and eggs was missing the ham.  when I called the person answering the phone all but called me a liar and further went on to say, "once the food leaves hear, we have nothing to do with it". I explained to her I would not waste my time calling her if it were not the case.  She further indicated "we have cameras, therefore she knew for a fact the ham was in the order".  Really lady if you in fact have cameras it's probably because there have been issues of this kind before..  And this folks is customer service?  Not!
Popped by for the first time yesterday and had THE best time staring at all the pretty things.   The shop is so beautifully designed and decorated, I probably lingered a little too long but I was just so enchanted!  They have vases of all sizes, planters, houseplants, and a cooler of flowers for you to make your own arrangement or pick up a premade bouquet (DROP THOSE HINTS, LADIES!). They also have great gift items like candles, soaps, books, and cards.  Quinn was helpful and attentive without being sales-y. I feel like I left with a new favorite vase and a new best friend   I visited their east location a few times in the past, but it was a bit of a hike. So excited to have them on the west side of town!
They are up and rolling at their new location.  The new space is a bit larger and more spacious.  The parking is a bit tighter than the old strip mall location but the building and location are much nicer.  Definitely an upgrade from the former location.  This is one of the BEST sushi restaurants currently in the area.  There were some others that came close but they seem to have dropped in quality while Kanno has consistently been excellent.  When I first heard about this place I was extremely skeptical as it used to be in a bit of a shady strip mall in Fat City and it didn't look that good outside or inside but once I tasted the food none of that mattered and now they have some upgraded fancy new digs.  They have an awesome blue crab roll and amazing soft shell crab spicy miso soup!    Elvis and his wife are the owners and work the sushi bar (and maybe you would guess there is a lot of Elvis artwork).  They have reserved seating for their VIP customers that eat there like twice a day as it is that GOOD!!!  You have to earn your spot in the reserved section so don't even try to sit in that area.  Everything I've had here has been outstanding and if you're really good they give you a tasty little frozen chocolate treat for dessert.  They are closed on Sunday & Monday and they take a long holiday back to Japan once a year so you might want to call to make sure they are open but they usually are and it is definitely worth a visit multiple times a week!!!
I had the pleasure of Dining Out for Life at Bistro Daisy this year. From the minute we entered, I knew that we were in for a treat. The staff was very professional yet extremely friendly. Our large party was cut in half by last minute dropouts, but they never missed a beat in serving the group. The bar made a great old-fashioned for me to start the meal. I had the endive salad with spears of Gala apples, bleu cheese, and white wine vinaigrette to start. It was refreshing and creamy at the same time. This was a very lovely way to wake up my palate before my entr e of handmade ravioli with crawfish and mascarpone. Delicious! Although a rather rich dish, the ravioli were cooked and seasoned perfectly and I enjoyed every bite I could. (I had to take some home.) I was too stuffed to even think about dessert, but the options sounded delightful. Serving amazing food in such a cute renovated shotgun house, I'm sure that Bistro Daisy will be on my list of potential date night locations in the future.
I HATE Mexican food! UNLESS it's from El Tio!!! This amazing, dive-bar, strip-center, hard to find parking, cheap, family owned restaurant serves the most amazing fish tacos and chimichangas and Salsa and OMG the Churros! My kids don't even like Mexican food and everything they order here they love. The lettuce and all the sides are all super fresh. The service is by people who really care - and now on Friday nights they serve FREE margaritas! What? I would give them a sixth star for that but Yelp won't allow it. I'm SO glad El Tio has come to town!!!
My wife and I just moved to Nashville from Atlanta.  We have been customers of Arrow in Atlanta for a couple of years and I've been satisfied with the service, so when I needed a termite inspection on a house we are interested in buying here in Nashville, I called Arrow.    The reason I am writing this review is what I considered to be particularly outstanding service that I received from the technician (Dennis) that came out to do the inspection.  This house is old and has a large and very tight crawlspace. When I was describing this to him, he listened to my requests and concerns, and did a very thorough inspection.  He didn't just glance at stuff to try and make it out of there in 20 minutes, he actually took his time and gave me a very thorough report of what he found.  Thanks, Dennis, for a job well done.  I will definitely be calling Arrow back for future service.
The food was so overpriced and was clearly made from cheap, processed ingredients that were not fresh. My friend ordered the pasta special for $20 and it was literally Shop-Rite penne I could have boiled on the stove at home. She put pepper flakes on it to give it some flavour, and it had no white-wine sauce which they had promised. My pizza dough was also clearly not fresh. All our pasta dishes and the pizza were bland and lacked flavour.  The food was very disappointing despite their attempts to appear Italian and authentic and it was very expensive. Would not recommend.
The hookah here is great. Always hits well and lasts a long time. You can really taste the flavor!  Laid back atmosphere. Can stay here for hours catching up or working. They're starting to have more events here. Belly dancer on Saturdays is always fun. I love to bring friends here.  The food is always good! My fave is the chicken shawarma wrap, saganaki, and Zeus fries. Packed with flavor and good portion sizes.   Service can be slow at times. That's usually because there is one person working the front of house. That's probably my only negative.   This is my go-to! No doubt I'll be back.
I'm terribly saddened by the negative reviews here...because I actually enjoyed my experience. I found Alluring nails through a Groupon and since it was close to work, figured hey why not. The location is nice for the North Carmel area. The shop itself is large and bright and inviting like many other nail shops. The pedicure chairs are large with massage. What stood out for me was the pretty pink chairs for your little friends to join you while  you are getting your nails done (nice touch...I see some reward based mommy-daughter time coming up). I had gel on both my toes and fingers so two separate nail techs worked on getting the polish off. This was appreciated because I was pressed for time. The pedicure was relaxing with a nice salt massage to boot!  The manicure was also nice and my manicurist was very detailed and gentle. I was glad she did not cut my nails all the way down to the nubs.   I would definitely give Alluring Nails another try.
These people are happy to collect your 10 bucks and sit back and relax while your kid gets trampled!  I was told to go ahead and purchase access to "everything" since there are no age requirements for any of their play areas.  "As long as your kid is adventurous, s'h/ell be fine.  We tell all our kids to be careful".  Within 30 seconds of being there, my son was knocked over by a 120lb preteen diving into the entrance of the larger play area.    Did anyone seem concerned?  No.  They were too busy counting their dollar dollar bills.    I made my way to the toddler area - which in hindsight seemed like the obvious place for us to play.  Well, there again were 5-10 year old jumping and running and diving around - creating a totally dangerous scene for the toddlers who were using the TODDLER PLAY AREA.   Why are there no rules?  Why does nobody even pretend to be supervising/enforcing safety precautions?    This is where you should go if you want to let your 4-10 year old run wild.  Not where you go if you have small kids or appreciate safety.....
Drove all the way to this restaurant for a big disappointment !.  From the time we were seated, to the time we left, it's the worst experience ever.  For Saturday night, there were only a handful of people in there. There was only one person working, ( owner ? ) and he ran the bar, the kitchen and served.  Took over 30 mins to just get our drinks !.  His attitude was really bad, like he was upset that we were there and he had to wait on us.  The food was ok and he wasn't even listening to what we wanted to order.  The shocker was when the bill came, we were shown a bill with an amount, but then when we gave our credit card, another $40+ was added on as " gratuity "  which was not mentioned anywhere on the menu and we had already left a tip on the table.  When we confronted this one person that worked there, his attitude changed for the worse and started calling us names and shouting, so we just walked out and it ruined our night !.  Robbed and Abused !  Will never go there again !.  Advise :  If you must go this dump, then Check your bill thoroughly !...
This cozy spot in Center City offers some tasty Thai food at reasonable prices.    The appetizers, like the spring rolls, can appear tiny when looked at.  Probably because they are.  The entrees, at lunch, at least, are not particularly large, but are a good size to fill you up but not stuff you.  And more importantly, they are yummy.  At least my chicken curry was.  It was so good I wanted to lick the plate clean.  The chicken meat had a good taste and texture, too.  And there are many more entrees to try on the menu.  Service was friendly and attentive, with a server never letting a water glass sit empty on the table.
A true vintage gem, recently restored and re-opened in downtown Tampa.  Clearly loads of money, applied with good taste and attention to detail.   IN my opinion, this is the classiest bar in town, in the classiest hotel.  Drinks are served with assured professionalism and warm conversation.   Drink specials include a "Between the Sheets" cocktail from pre-Prohibition days to help soldiers and sailors get lucky with elegance. The  old wood bar and furnishings suggest opulence without pretense.   Drink prices are a bit higher than most hotel bars or the nearby Hub, but the quality is immeasurably superior.   Clearly this is not a place to hang out in cut-offs, t-shirts and flip-flops, but we were treated with attentive respect in business casual...not requiring coat and tie and evening gowns   Did not have dinner this time but checked the menu and found several enticing dishes, many of Greek origin.  Will definitely be back to dine and impress guests/friends.  For my money, the ambiance here far exceeds Berns and other local  reputed paragons.
I LOVE St James!...  I frequent this place quite a bit and the staff are amazing andd friendly.  You have your choice at St James.... either its a fun night downstairs, sitting in one of the comfy cushioned booths, or head upstairs for a drink and a smoke on the roof!...  During the summer, they open the bar upstairs which is pretty awesome and convient....  It doesnt matter if you there for the super tough triva (and I have done my fair share of Bar trivia nights and the St Jame by far has had the hardest questions), a mid week drink after work, or if you are there partying it up on a friday night, you will have a great time.... mostly locals which is nice as well....  Great, great, GREAT, beer selection ( I had a hazelnut beer last time I was there that was quite possibly one of the best tasting beers I've ever had!)....
Chinese guy was in the electronics cashing about 2 people out. I kindly said excuse me and told him whenever he had a minute could I get one of the Xbox games out of the locked case. He laughed rudely and just looked towards what he was scanning. I walked back to the games waiting on him and after it had been about 5-8 minutes I went to go remind him. Figured he just forgot, and he wasn't there. Literally stood in the electronic center for 35 minutes and asked at least 4-5 employees to page someone who could unlock the case for me. Finally got the game.
We have lived in the neighborhood for about 10 years, and wanted to see the third incarnation of a restaurant in this space do well. Our visit last night, however, will be our last.  Setting: an attractive market-like space with simple furnishings. However, there was dance music playing at a volume where we had to raise our voices to speak. That's not what I look for in music to dine by. A deal-breaker off the bat.  Food: entrees and sides were well prepared on their own, but do not go well together. The waitress recommended a side of brussels sprouts or string beans with our chicken marsala and pasta with eggplant meatballs. We got brussels sprouts, which were in an Asian barbecue sauce. The string bean option was string beings tempura. Asian barbecue with Italian does not work and felt disjointed.  Service: polite and prompt.
We decided to go to Santa Barbara for our first wedding anniversary, and I found this place in a frantic search online (last minute change of plans). The place is really charming and cute. We were lucky enough to get the San Clemente room, which is spacious yet cozy all at the same time. We didn't get around to using the jacuzzi tub, but jacuzzis in the room are always awesome.   Breakfast is delivered to your room, but you have to remember to place your request at the front desk the night before. Because we went wine tasting at multiple places on Saturday night, we therefore didn't get breakfast on Sunday morning...but they do have a little kitchen and eating area where they serve. I didn't know this until checking out, darn.   The one problem we had was when it came to the picnic lunch with wine that we ordered through them. I only ordered one vegetarian sandwich and they gave us two, which is not that big of a deal. But the thing was, I asked the staff whether it was illegal to drink on the beach or in the parks, and they couldn't give me a definitive answer.   If you're selling that kind of package to guests with wine, you should be very clear on what the local laws are and advise them accordingly. "It's probably okay as long as you don't act a fool and call attention to yourself" didn't really count as reliable advice, you know? And sure enough, when we checked the signs at the beach, no alcohol is allowed.
We were going to try Bahama Breeze using a gift card but found that it was not opened yet.  Chuy's was right next door and  was up and running . So we thought why not give it a try. This place was popular for a weekday night - a lot of customers in there.  Once we walked in,  the funky decoration caught my eyes. It matched the Mexican food theme well.  The chips and salsa were brought to our table before we ordered. They were not bad.  I got  a  chicken dish and the portion was big, material was  fresh . I liked the flavor. The beef fajita was also quite good . Service was friendly and fast.  The pricing was very reasonable.  I thought this is the most affordable restaurant ( non fast food )among the outlet mall restaurant corridor.
Agree with most posters.  To sum my opinion.  Good location, clean spacious rooms, lots of towels, nice bed.  Staff were super friendly.  It lives up to the brand.  Gripes.  The breakfast.  Standard hotel breakfast.  But usually the hot offerings change daily.  Not here.  Same scrambled eggs, mealy sausage and potatoes every day.  Coffee was mediocre.  The lady running the breakfast was super friendly though. Which made up for the dull atmosphere.  The tv was not on and the breakfast area felt like a wake.  The deal breaker was the Internet and parking.  The Internet was dead slow and kept dropping.  A serious PIA since I was there for work and needed the Internet.  Hampton can do better.  For little money they could have a fast stable network.  The other was the parking.  If you have a big vehicle, forget about using their lot.  And even on a weekday spots were hard to find, and before long they were full.  Every night.  I would go back, only if If Internet was fixed.
I discovered a HomeGoods store (attached to TJ Maxx's) while on a Christmas visit back home in NJ.  There, the HomeGoods left me salivating with all sorts of bargains - good thing I was heading back west by plane, otherwise I would have spent too much money.  I did buy an adorable pair of Mary Jane Merrells, originally $95 down to $40.  Then I discovered that there was one in Reno, so off I go.  This particular store was large and had almost the same kind of goods as the NJ store.  I ended up walking out with a beautiful serving plate originally priced at $29 on clearance for $5.  I also picked up two fancy Italian lemon drinks for about $4 each.  They came in a beautiful glass bottle with the old-fashioned wire snap closures.  Their kitchen department has some good bargains if you're looking for high quality cookware.  So go, paw through things, pick things up, put them back, come back 15 minutes later and throw them in your cart.  Hard to walk out empty-handed.
I've been coming here for about 8 years and always love the look after my brows have been theeaded. This is the first time I've been back since the pandemic, overall was good until I got my "lash lift." I've never done that before and thought I would try it out since she offered a discount. She didn't tell me about the process which is very uncomfortable. She spilled the curling chemical in my eye and it burned really bad. I sat up and couldn't see because of the curling on my eyes. She took off the bandage or whatever was used and said that it was nothing. I said, there's a chemical in my eye I need to go flush with water, and she kept saying it was nothing. I was very worried I'd have to go to prompt care because the burning, and she couldn't tell me what product it was, etc. Dissatisfied with the curling process but also, the end result wasn't worth the $85.
As a barber student that is about to graduate. I tried to come into this shop just to check it out. As I live in lavergne and it's the only kind of actual Barber Shop close. Well I tried. I got there at about 545 pm they close at 6pm and the doors were already locked. I pulled on the door and the barber closest looked at me and continued on. Needless to say i won't be back to talk or for a haircut. I get it was close to closing time but my father who owns 3 barber shops downtown nashville and is very well know all through TN doesn't lock his door until he's leaving. If you were to come in and ask for a cut he'd ethir get you in or simply tell you it can't me done today. He's not the type to lock up early and watch you struggle to open the door.
This is one of Margaret Kuo's restaurants (in fact where she started), and the food is just as good as any of her others. It is located by the mall, but it's not the typical Americanized Chinese restaurants you find near other malls. It has both Americanized and authentic Chinese food, the latter of which requires you to ask for a Chinese menu.   Interestingly, while the name of the restaurant suggests northern Chinese food, this restaurant actually serves more Shanghai-style dishes, ranging from the popular steamed juicy pork buns (which belong to the casual dim sum category), to more sophisticated banquet food including appetizers and entrees that require a lot of preparation. We tried wonton soup, drunken chicken, five-spice beef, salty duck, and Wuxi-style ribs, and they looked and tasted on par with what you would expect of a fine restaurant in Shanghai.  The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated, and the wait staff is very friendly and accommodating. They also have Japanese food, which seems quite popular as well but we have yet to try out. Highly recommend if you live in the area and are looking for authentic Chinese food!
I've only been to McNamara's twice.  The first time I was blown away by the delicious authentic Irish food, excellent beer selection and fun atmosphere (especially in the upstairs bar area).  The second time, last night, was not near as good.   The first time I had almost perfect fish and chips and also enjoyed a few bites of a friend's carrots and parsnips (I'm a sucker for parsnips...so good).    Last night, I think the oil just really needed to be changed.  We had fish and chips and Scotch eggs and both were just not good.  The fish and chips were so greasy we each only ate half of a piece of fish.  I didn't try the Scotch eggs, but my boyfriend was only able to eat one.  Everything looked pretty good, so I really think this was a one-off.  All was not bad, though.  The potato soup was delicious and I love that they serve Kerrygold butter along with the soda bread.  The coleslaw is also delicious.  Our server was very pleasant and attentive.     If I find myself hungry and in the Donelson area again, I wouldn't think twice before giving McNamara's another try.
This place is awesome! It's way bigger than I expected it to be. I stopped in for a cup of coffee and wound up getting a bagel breakfast sandwich. I forget what kind of bagel it was but it was spicy and I have never had one before. I'm glad I tried it. I got a large cup of coffee which was hot and fresh. I made it light and sweetened it with coconut sugar (I didn't even know that was a thing). It was one of the best cups of jo I ever had. The atmosphere was cool and truly is one of the things that makes Audubon unique.
I can see this place from my front door, and I agree with the others.  The food here is amazing.  The Med. Platter is a must.  Their beefteki is awesome.  Also, try the meatball soup. For Real. We didn't try the lasagna, but when I saw it come out of the kitchen I wished I'd had.  If this place gets its liquor license, I think it will really take off.  I love a spot where I can get a good mixed drink and walk home.      Oh, and as far as prices, these guys are SOO reasonable.  Plus, seeing the family there so early everyday, you know it is all homemade and fresh.  Keep it up!
If you want potato chowder , Oder the Clam Chowder. We had dinner their on May 14, 2017; both my wife and I ordered the clam chowder , the broth was good but the bowl was filled with potatoes. And, in the chowder was cut up tiny pieces of Shrimp, not clams. Disgusting! This place thrives on tourists as locals would never go there to be stung. It was overpriced altho the service personnel were good. We has a 45 minute wait for a terrible product. Doesn't even rate one star as far as food goes. Would never recommend it... Herb Ring
Beer selection is pretty unmatched. We got two layered beers. I got a Snakebite: Strongbow and Harp (if you like ciders, you will enjoy this) and the partner got a Black Velvet (suppose to be good (she drinks a lot, so if you are not a lightweight like me, you might want to get one of those).   For the appetizer we got the goat cheese dip that comes with pita bread. That is by far the best thing on the menu. It's like a mini pizza. For the meal I got Buffalo Chicken Sliders (3 that come with fries). Malt vinegar is on the fries. I read sliders on someone else's post, that is definitely the way to go if you don't want to leave with a to-go box.  It gets very packed on Friday and the weekends. We went Thursday, got seated as soon as we arrived and food came very quickly. If you want to actually experience, then don't go on Friday.  I will go back here as my usual will now be: Goat Cheese Dip and Buffalo Chicken Sliders with a Snakebite.
The only exciting reason to visit the AT&T Store is buy a new phone right? I mean, you spend all this money, all year long to have this service and when you're finally eligible for an upgrade you want the experience to be quick, smooth and pleasurable (LOL, just read that last sentence again). You know you're in for the usual upsell, because that's how these people make their money, but this isn't a used car lot... you don't expect pushy sales tactics or bait and switch maneuvers, you expect a friendly and informative sales professional to handle the transaction.   Well someone needs to explain this to Ross. He was short and rude from the minute he walked up to us. He was pushy in his approach, failed to deliver the important information, and was simply trying to sign us up for some "Next" plan they're now offering. After 5 minutes with him, my GF and I, along with our potential $800 sale walked right out the door. 1 STAR FOR ROSS!   If this review was based on just this experience, I'd give it one star, but I'm giving it 3 stars because of previous experience with a very nice red headed female employee (who I saw when I was there) who politely and graciously helped me fix some issues with my cable bill. Even though this was not a sales transaction, she understood the value customer service plays in her job, and she left me extremely happy and satisfied being an AT&T customer. In addition, the lady who greeted us when we walked in the other day was also quite friendly and informative.
Wow, this place was fantastic when I was in college and beyond inhorrible. My friend went there a few weeks ago and raved how horrible it is now and I didn't believe him because its always been awesome. Went there today and it was TERRIBLE. We had the Generals Chicken and the mandarin chicken. Worst Generals I've ever had....and it used to be fantastic. Mandarin was better than the Generals but it still wasn't very good.  Both were so bad we each ate half and left it for them to throw away.  Hot and sour soup was not very good either. Wife said the egg drop was decent.. Rice was bad too. Eggrolls were not good either. Kid had lo mein and thought it was ok. He brought his home. Damn shame. An uptown legacy is now horrible.
Can't go wrong with Blind Pelican's happy hour oysters. My party of four were on a mission for one thing, that'd be the happy hour raw oysters. We had a couple apps, those were pretty good, but again we were here for the raw oysters.  They gave us a pretty good cocktail sauce to horseradish ratio. Having to commit to one pint of beer per dozen is easy work. I'd come here again. Apps were your typical bar bites nothing extraordinary, but definitely try them out, especially if you love raw oysters. Can't beat the price, $3 a dozen that's a no brainer.
Ok Cadiz is amazing. My co-workers and I went there and we just splurged. Everything is from farm to table and you can really tell. Everything tastes fresh and full of flavor.   They really take pride and care with all the dishes the come out. Each plate is a work of art and a delight to savor. After trying everything and loving them all here's my perfect dinner. It starts with the White Sea Bass Salad. It's light, fresh and keeps you wanting more. Then I would go on to something with density and deep flavors which is their New York Steak perfectly cooked medium rare. Finally, to conclude the meal I would settle into Valrhona Chocolate Profiteroles. It's the perfect vanilla custard.   OMG. Don't even get me started on the service. These guys are the greatest. Messina is the person running the restaurant and she really took the time to talk and hang out with us. I can keep going and going but I gotta keep this somewhat short. Thanks Cadiz for the excellent everything.
I am updating my review and giving it 2 more stars based on the awesome hot dogs I had yesterday.    I had the Chicago dogs with all the typical chi-town condiments and while I have never had a true chicago dog, this must be what they taste like.   nice steamed buns, good snap on the hot dog and fresh condiments.   I would be a little happier if the damn things were not 2.99 for one lousy dog but eh, I'll let it slide because they were so good.   I know where I'm going next time I am craving a Chicago dog.   I am giving them an extra half star just because they had their blues attire on so consider this a 4.5 star review.
Average food, overpriced brunch cocktails, incompetent server.   We were looking for good biscuits in Nashville, so came here based on Yelp reviews, and we were very underwhelmed. The food felt diner-quality at best, but the prices reflected a more standard brunch restaurant. Not worth it. It took 2 times to get my meal right, I ordered something with meat and it came out without any meat in the scramble the first time.   My friends ordered bloody marys, and were upcharged for using the local vodka, even though they did not ask for it. Added several dollars to each drink.   Skip the grits, they're gross, and go for a pancake instead.
This is now a Days Inn.  But there have been no updates since it was the El Prado.  Actually, it seems even worse now.  The room smelled like rotten eggs when we walked in.  (I know it sounds paranoid, but it was so gassy, I thought it could catch on fire.)  The smell never truly dissipated even though maintenance finally came and told us that it was the pipe cleaning solution.  We tried to wash it down by running the faucet for awhile which lessened the smell.  But I think it was actually coming from the water,.  We were so scared to use it, we bought bottled water to brush our teeth with and do some minor cleaning.  Also, they say they have free wifi for the rooms, but the signal was so weak that I could not get a connection.  I was bummed because I wanted to finally use my ipad on the road and couldn't.  This place is not cheap, either, so next time, I am going somewhere else.
The kindness of strangers. A lens on my eyeglasses fell out on my way through Santa Barbara to vacation in Cambria.  I found this company online and stopped by.  The gentleman at the counter tried in vain to fix them but since other customers were arriving suggested I leave the glasses. Since that was not possible, I asked if he could try again if I waited until he was free.  He agreed and within 5 minutes they we're fixed and I was on my way.  I want to post my experience online to encourage your reviewers to seek out this business.  I was given courteous, professional service. AND...there was no charge!
I've been with GNCU for about 7 years without incident.  A couple of years ago I tried to refi and it tooks months before Christopher Cunningham took over and told me I couldn't refi at that time because I'd had a shortsale and had to wait another 18 months.  The gal that was doing the refi was totally incompetent and ended up getting fired, which was my plan for her.  When I had waited out the time I contacted Christopher and he was very good about getting things started again, with a much better interest rate!  He even arranged for a notary to come to my house to sign the final papers because I just had surgery and couldn't drive.  I would recommend asking for Christopher if you are thinking about a mortgage or refi with GNCU.
Do it!  Stumbled upon this place by sheer accident and luckily we were just talking about craving lamb.   I looked at all the lamb shank pics on yelp as I was drooling and showing my parents what their meal was gonna look like.   I was taking my parents out to dinner.  Meaning it wasn't even 4pm yet.   We sat down and realized they were still serving lunch and the lamb shank was on the dinner menu.  My heart sank because I just spent the last 20 minutes getting my parents really excited about lamb =| I quickly asked if we can order from the dinner menu. Our awesome server (he's also the bartender.. I'm terrible for not getting his name) said he would check. A lamb shank isn't something you can whip up in a jiffy so I fully expected a NO.  He came back and very smoothly replaced our lunch menus with dinner menus =)  We ordered a big salad to share as we waited on our entrees.  The lamb shank came on top of assorted root veggies. It tasted like it had been slowly braising for hours. It melts in your mouth gooooood.  I ordered the Wahoo because even tho I can appreciate lamb, it's way too heavy for my liking. So glad I did because YUM! Seared thick piece of fish on top mushrooms and greens in this delicate light broth.   We cleaned our plates in 5 minutes flat. Great portion size! I'll have to come back and try other things because their menu look fire!
Love coming to this place every time my husband and me go to NOLA. There are 2 locations and this one is always less busy than the one in Metairie. We came in with a big group and they were very accommodating, even with a baby needing a high chair.   We had the charbroiled oysters which were amazing like always.  My husband had the Shuckee Duckee, which was good as well, but the only thing is they used to have 2 duck breasts and now it's cut down to only one but the price is the same as before.  I had the seafood pasta, which was yummy, but I wish it had more crabmeat.   Overall, I would still come back just because I'm a loyal customer, but I wish they wouldn't skimp out from the amount of food over time.
Do not take your car here. I had the WORST experience here. Not only did they not fix what was wrong, they still charged me for replacing something that didn't fix the problem. I had to come back 3 or 4 times. The first time I called to say it wasn't fixed, I had to argue with the employee on the phone. They wanted more money from me already to fix it, but said that what they did before still needed to be done (NOT true). Like someone else said, they did work without my permission that didn't solve the problem. The employee was so rude and finally I had to basically threaten legal action at which point I was given a discount to fix the problem they never fixed but charged $250 for. That brought the total to $450 basically for some switches. Had I known those two things they did would cost $450, I would have lived with what was just an annoyance. Then they charged around $350 for something else, seemed excessive as well. The problem was never fully resolved to my satisfaction. Also, they made my horn not work at all, which I found out when I nearly got in an accident, and THEN the horn went off nonstop and wouldn't stop, humiliating experience. Cars were pulling over to the side of the road and everything. These guys are very incompetent and rip-off artists. I should have gone to Meineke. $800 later and unhappy with the work they did. Highly suggest going elsewhere.
Superbowl weekend was my first round trip flight on Allegiant from St. Pete/ Clearwater to Austin.  My flight was uneventful. The lounge area is unlike the huge expanses of TIA, but it's large enough to hold passengers for a couple of flights. This was the size of airports in the sixties and early seventies, when passengers walk out onto the tarmac up onto a ramp to enter and exit the plane.  I found the flight attendants to be quite friendly and accommodating. I was the aisle seat with two other passengers next to me when I noticed after closing the plane's door three seats were vacant on the same row. The flight attendant OK'd my request to move to the vacant seat which gave more room to my fellow passengers which they appreciated. I have made similar requests on other airlines to be denied my request with the attitude if they can't sell it no one is going to sit there.   My flights in and out of Austin were very smooth on the Airbus 320. In fact when we were about to land one can usually feel the plane depending waiting for the tires to hit the runway. This time we were suddenly on the ground without much notice. Well done!  Yes, Allegiant is no frills, with food and drinks extra. Not an issue. I'd rather save 50% off the fare from flying out of Tampa! That's huge! It allows me to fly more often and I will on Allegiant.
Although I'd like to give them a 4 star review, I really can't and remain fair.  City Barbeque in Carmel has decent food, decent service, and a decent atmosphere, yet, for me, nothing pushes it about A-OK to better than that.  Partly because I find their food to be just a bit hit and miss.  Hits:  The pulled pork is amazing, as are the ribs.  The beans are well above average, and those fries....they make my mouth water.  Big time.  Misses:  The brisket.  It's dry and bland.  It just doesn't do it for me.  Ditto for the  chicken.  It's just...OK.  Nothing special.  I will say the price is quite good for the amount of food you get....it's a good value for the dollars spent.  City Barbeque is one of those places I'll stop in, if I'm in the area and hungry, but won't make a special effort to visit.
First timer and had a good time. We arrived around 7 pm ...festival ended at 10 pm. About. 1/3 rd of the food options were sold out by the time we arrived so  if food is your primary motivation for attending then I would suggest arriving earlier. Food was purchased via tickets... $1/ticket. Most options were 5-9 tickets each. Bottles of wine were $20...not $15 as advertised on their website. The live band ...The Bishops... Was great and played a variety of music to appeal to the masses. Definitely get the beignets! All in all was a fun date nite...would go next year
As a resident of Miami visiting Tampa, I can say that their version of a cuban sandwich is kind of stretching it. Cuban sandwiches are made  of Cuban bread,mustard , a stack of ham and a stack of pork along with swiss cheese and pickles. Yeah, some places unfortunately use sliced ham and pork,but the real deal is to take the meat directly from the leg of virginia ham or leg of pork. Cuban sandwiches do not have mayo or salami !  a few slices of ham , a couple of sliced pork and salami with one thin slice of swiss cheese,drenched in mustard. Sorry that's a slap in the face for this Cuban boy. Must be how they do it in Tampa. The staff was very friendly and the place very clean I must say. Won't be back based on the sandwich and price.
I don't know where they decided their "bun" was a good idea. It's dry, tasteless, too thick and chewy. They messed up on our order 2x in a row, albeit, they tried to redeem themselves. The burgers are too big and sloppy, not in a good way. Theyre veggie patty is all sorts of healthy and blandness. Putting the big burgers ontop of fries is asking for a sloppy mess which makes it difficult to eat.   The seating is funny. I know benches are the trend and while its cool to have a beer next to someone on a bench, its not cool to just pull up a seat next to them and create a mess trying to eat the dry, sloppy burger. The d cor looks like an upgraded version of Sir Veza's (which isn't saying much).  Top that off with a $12 a burger price-- ridiculous to ask for. Why would I spend $12 a burger at a place like this when I can get one for $16 that's tastier, better service, easier to eat, and just as fresh with the ingredients as a place such as Agustin or Maynards? $50 for a burger meal for 2? Please hold on while I contain my laugher...
This is one of the strangest fusion restaurants I've ever been to. This might be a great drunk late night spot but sober me was not feeling it during the afternoon. I get weary of fusion places because having a big variety of cuisines makes the food in general subpar, unlike places that have a specialization. This was the ultimate fusion restaurant and I was so confused looking at the menu. They have Thai food such as pad thai and pad see ew. Then they have Japanese food such as sushi, miso soup and katsu. Then they have Vietnamese food such as Pho and phorrito if you can even consider that Vietnamese. Then they have Chinese food such as lo mein and wonton soup. Then they have Korean food such as kimchi fried rice. Then they have a bunch of fusion burritos, burgers, nachos, fries and more! Are you guys getting my point here? Having a lot of choices is great, but this is just such a weird mix!  We went in a group and ordered a few things to try. Nothing special, nothing to rave about. I think the one thing that is certainly worth getting is the sushi, it was fresh and nicely made.  Overall, I'm going to leave this place for all the college hipsters and late night drunkies.
You can't go to New Orleans without checking out a voodoo shop, and this "famous" one is worth a visit. I've gotta hand it to these folks: they sure as hell know how to market themselves! There's all kinds of fake voodoo junk crammed inside, from creepy looking voodoo dolls to love potions to bath salts to touristy t-shirts. It's not only an overpriced shop but it's also a cool voodoo "museum" with random altars and old, dusty stuff on display.    There's a hokey "spiritual reader" service in the back of the store if you're into that sort of thing (um, can you tell I'm a true skeptic)? Look, if burning an $18 bundle of incense would make you rich, don't you think everybody in the world would be buying into this junk?   There's a great selection of occult books and groovy candles for just about every ailment or problem one could experience. The employees here look the part too, with crazy dreadlocks, piercings and loads of tattoos. And for the love of voodoo, don't try to take a picture. You'll get straight up yelled at and that's no fun. This is a great place to pick up some unique New Orleans souvenirs. While you're at it, pass me that House Blend Money Oil!
I have not bought pizza here for many years, because I rarely eat it now. I was looking forward to it because I remembered how good their GF pizza was. I got the GF pizza but the crust is different now than previously - not as good as previously but just as good as other pizza parlours. I got vegetarian w less sauce per request. However, it cones w mozzarella on it. You would be hard-pressed to find it; just a few small pieces. If it was end of day & they were short on it, they should have said so. In fact, all ingredients were scarcely applied. Their pizza is not as good as previously - a big disappointment, since you pay extra for good quality ingredients. I had included a tip. I will not be returning.
Not sure what to think or if they are under new ownership.  We have frequented this establishment for several years and was one of our standbys for good, non chain food and a margarita.    We went in on a Saturday night at 6:00pm and despite that there were only two other tables that were occupied (that should have been a warning sign), we sat as a party of 4 for 20 minutes as the wait staff passed our table and never even acknowledged we were there.  Finally we got up and walked out, fearful of the experience that awaited based upon the service to that point.  The hostess apologized after I let them know why we were leaving.  We will give them another chance - as they have executed well in the past - hoping we just hit them on a bad night.
In the area for business trip so I ordered food to go from Kona Grill since it's right by the hotel I'm staying at. Sushi (checker board roll - $14.50) was below average. The spicy shrimp tempura ($12) is all falling apart and none of the TINY shrimps are in their tempura coat. There's chunks of fried batter on their own and the shrimps are just naked. And a tiny Coke to go was like $3.50 or something for not even a medium size. Portions are TINY for what they are charging. You would think the $14.50 sushi would be pretty amazing for 8 small pieces. Nope. Overall food isn't exception or even average and the prices are way too high for the quality/sizes. I wouldn't go back.
Absolutely awful location. I went to return something and they said I could only exchange or get a store credit, fine I could deal with that.  There were at least six women working and not one of them offered to help even after I wandered around for 15 minutes with nothing in my hands.  When I found two swim suit tops to try on, I went into a fitting room that was open. Two minutes later I hear a knock, a sales associate tells me to get out because there are some items in there that weren't mine. I tell her she can wait and that I am just trying on two things and won't touch "the items that aren't mine". She tells me again to hurry up before walking away. I finish and head to the til to get my store credit, stand there for two minutes while a lady stares at me saying she can't help me.  Someone who apparently was the manager walks over and processes my return. I told her that her staff needed some serious development and all she said was, "yea okay." I hate to pull the race card here but all the women were brown and as a people I find them very rude and entitled... maybe that's why? But even still, if you are in a CUSTOMER SERVICE role, deliver CUSTOMER SERVICE!  I will never be back to this location. Absolutely awful.
- very tasty breadstick crackers with red pepper aioli  - appetizer special: watermelon gazpacho with lime shrimp ceviche. The gazpacho was smooth, and had bits of oil floating on top, but was delightfully refreshing. The shrimp was meaty and sat in a nice little ball in the middle of the soup dish. It was garnished with a marinated cucumber strip  - Butternut squash puree which I selected for my entree of scallops was tasty, but needed salt  - Scallops were yummy, but could have been more tender. The grilled veggies I chose to go with them turned out to be an unimpressive combo of oily squash and red onion  - Boyfriend liked his sangria braised short rib, but the Spanish tortilla was too much of a bland potato with too much sharp cheese   - Service was fine, nothing spectacular at all, though the place was crowded.
I would maybe give this place 2 stars for their food, but I dislike everything else.  The food is bland and attempts a gourmet feel with their menu, but falls really really short in execution.  My girlfriend, friends and I have been here a few times, because it is one of the few places you can get crepes or an omelet and beer after taking an early morning final. However, I will never go back.  The price is 2-3 times higher than it should be for such mediocre food and no waitstaff.    The final straw, however, really occurred on our last visit though when the chef gave some of our food to another person. After no apology the cook immediately tried to push for a ready-made substitutions instead of what was ordered. When we asked if we could just get what we ordered the cook was incredibly rude (and has been sketchy on previous visits as well) about remaking the order. Over 20 minutes later of us waiting (and being ready to leave) we finally got a tiny portion of what we ordered, no apology and lots of attitude. It was ridiculous from a place where they make the same food all day and were not busy.  The rest of the staff (who only take orders as there is no wait staff) is nice enough, if a bit clueless at times.  If I would have had more time I would have asked to see the manager, but we were in a hurry to go. I do not recommend this place to anyone, though maybe their pastries are okay.
I'm an unrepentant chocolate fan, and I discovered Peterbrooke around 2002. I drove repeatedly to Winter Park and to other locations in Florida to find it, and I was thrilled when a shop opened here in Tampa just a few weeks ago. They're in Skypoint Tower (on the Zack Street side).  I've bought chocolate from Germany, Switzerland and other countries as well as some of the best in the United States, but for me Peterbrooke is the best. Having them here in Tampa is a game changer. Most chocolatiers are pretty serious and proud of their products, but Peterbrooke takes it to another level. In four weeks of their soft open (Grand Opening is this coming weekend) I've been there four times and placed four special orders- something I couldn't really do out of town. Due to 3-year-old's allergies, I couldn't have one of my favorite Peterbrooke items, peanut butter on Ritz crackers in chocolate; they've twice made them for me using non- peanut peanut butter. They specially made one of their popcorn products with 1/2 the normal chocolate. They take their time to customize products for me. The best service I've ever seen- and the best product on top of it.  By the way, I always refrigerate my favorite chocolate and recommend it.  This is a great place owned by great people.
I saw this place being built and was really excited to drop by for a visit. Selection-wise, it's like halfway between Dierbergs and Trader Joes. The decor is very nice, but the store is smaller than I expected. The parking lot was surprisingly small.   Their prepared foods section was in the center of the store, and had a nice variety. Seating is pretty limited though.   I was disappointed by their produce selection. They have basically the same selections as their competitors nearby, and it's a bit pricier here. Whole Foods or Dierbergs has a better (and fresher) selection.   Friendly staff, and checkout was fast. I had a coupon for $5 off a $20 purchase (it came in the mail) but I couldn't find $20 of stuff that I wanted to purchase. I went instead to Dierbergs.   Nice place, but I probably won't return, especially since better stores are nearby.
I love watching movies at the chase.   Why? 1. The location is central.... with easy dining/bars around the corner.  2. Never been there when it is overcrowded...also never completely empty. 3. They have discounts for students/Wednesday night $5 specials. 4. Sharing the movie experience with the audience has always been enjoyable (laughing at appropriate times, gasping at key moments..reasons to go to a theater in my book.) 5. Bathrooms are clean. 6. Employees smile and are always so friendly  7. THE THEATER GIVES YOU CANDY ON SILVER TRAYS WHEN THE MOVIE LETS OUT (choice of Hersey kisses, tootsie rolls and peppermints)  8. Get a peek at hotel life while going in and out of the theater, which makes for great people watching.   Cons: 1. Parking.  Helpful tip from Meg another yelper, after reading this review she said:  For your review of: Chase Park Plaza Cinemas  FYI...Chase validates parking if you park in the garage and the parking lot across the street is FREE for the movie goers!  Parking should be on the PRO list!
For starters I'm not one for social media nor writing reviews. I'd like to share my experience & give a huge THANK YOU to the entire Southwest crew on Flight #5557 from MCO to IND on 11/10/2021. IND is extremely easy to navigate, Southwest is quick getting luggage to baggage claim and shuttle service was fast too! With all that said it was only about an hour after wheels down in INDIANAPOLIS we were on the road with kids & luggage in tow. I received & rejected 3 calls, then received a text from an Indianapolis (317) area code. "URGENT, please reply if this is (my name)?"  That's when I checked voicemail & replied "Yes". Somehow my drivers license and credit card fell out & a flight attendant found them under my seat while cleaning (very clean plane btw) She was coming off shift & gave me a few options;  to meet her at security, overnight cards or destroy them. I gave her the ok to destroy them. Without asking she immediately text back a picture with them shredded saying "Thank you again for choosing Southwest, have a wonderful week and God Bless." This is yet another reason why we love Southwest for air travel. It gives me hope that there are good honest people out there who truly care, go the extra mile & spread kindness. Thank you Southwest & thank you to this incredible flight attendant.
A very cute space, modern take on most Chinese / Sichuan joints. We came on a Sunday night around prime dinner time and we got seated right away. This place does fill up quick and has only one table for a larger party I believe.   Prices were reasonable, especially compared to the places that serve the same type of food in NYC. We had dan dan noodles, tripe in chili oil, wontons in chili oil, and the sweet and sour ribeye pot. Portions were decent and filled four people up, although we didn't come starving, that might have changed things. Their chili oil definitely has a kick, and spice level was definitely high, but super flavorful. Get a bowl of rice with the tripe, it can be a meal instead of an appetizer. Really liked the glass noodles in the ribeye pot although I thought it wasn't enough. This dish also came on a plate and not a pot.. I saw pots with other dishes on other table, not sure if it's supposed to actually be in a pot or not. But this was probably the least spicy of the dishes we got that night, dan dan noodles coming next, the tripe was probably the spiciest because it was drenched in the chili oil.
Doggie Style Pets is amazing! We just recently adopted our sweet pup from the Old City location and the managers and employees were so helpful. They set us up with everything we needed, food, toys, etc. We live down the street from the Rittenhouse location, which is so convenient for anything our pup needs. We saw a sweater we liked and they didn't have it in our pups size so the Rittenhouse location called and it was in their store within a few days. Everyone is very knowledgeable, which was great since we are first time owners. Also, we got a picture with our pup when we left and the manager at the Old City location gave us her card if we had any questions or concerns. They truly care about their rescued pups and their consumers.  Thank you very much!
NJ vacationers traveling to NOLA? It's no Binh Duong, but it's good enough. Cha Gio is fairly larger than the other Vietnamese spots I've been to in my lifetime. And it's more meatier, less vermicelli noodles. They don't give you lettuce to wrap your egg rolls with which I found odder than the size of my egg rolls. Their Pho broth isn't quite as bold and daring but still has enough flavor. It's mild, not too dark, and has a nice roundness to it.   Useful notes:  - Pho with medium rare beef will cost you around $7.25. - Appetizers are available in half orders. - Decent selection of Banh Mi sandwiches.  Need a cab back to New Orleans? Call United Cab at 504-522-9771.  From what I was told by the cab driver going to PTB is that,  there are only a few designated UC drivers in Gretna. Hopefully the man who brings you out of Gretna back to the city ends up being Elliott. It happened to me and my boyfriend. Elliott is the same cab driver who drove around Anthony Bourdain while filming his NOLA edition of 'The Layover.' Don't lie to yourself. You wanted to try Pho Tau Bay because Anthony Bourdain went there. Yup, We're guilty too.
I love this super authentic Ethiopian gem!  I am constantly looking for outside the box experiences when it comes to dining and this place certainly did not disappoint. I'm also a sucker for some good spicy food and they more than delivered. We ordered the combo #5 which gives you a healthy sampling of an assortments of spiced meats, vegetables, and lentils. They then give you a side of two different sauces and house made goat cheese, all of which were fantastic. Great for groups seeing how you can order the combos for 1-4 people, the portions are filling so order true to group size. The service was also amazing. I will definitely be returning with friends in the near future.
My husband and I wanted to do wine tasting as part of our "mini honeymoon". We decided to go Los Olivos and just do an in and out wine tasting with different places.   J. Wilkes was recommended by one of my husband's friend so we decided to try it out. The place is easy to find and really accessible to public. The interior is really cozy and home-y. We were greeted and assisted at once. Again, we forgot to ask the lady's name. ( yeah, we suck at that.)   Wine tasting costs $10 for 5 wines. You can split/ share the tasting with your SO ( it's cheaper that way and you end up having just enough of wine to taste and not a lot to save room for more tastings.) Pretzels and cups of water are served along with the wine.   The lady who assisted us was really well aware and knowledgeable of the wines being served and gave us a little history of the company and the different wines and what type of food goes well with each wine considering that this place is only 5 days old when we came.   I personally like the Late Harvest Pinot Blanc which is a dessert wine. It is good by itself but they recommend that it also goes well with blue cheese.   We ended up buying 2 bottles as gifts for the in-laws.   We made a good decision choosing this place as our first stop.
We just had a truly outstanding meal. Visiting Philly from the Bay Area where we are used to enjoying various Middle East eateries. Rarely write reviews on Yelp because it takes a 10 of 10 on my scale and that is rare as unicorns. The Shepard's salad  was very fresh with light but tasty lemon dressing. The lamb was properly moist and tremendously tender; seasoned to savor and not crush the gentle taste of the lamb. Rice, nicely seasoned. The chicken, hummus, babaganoush, and others just as unique and delicious. This place likely blends various cuisines into their dishes. Our server seemed a true to the heart kind and caring person. Can't say enough about how much we loved the food
Nice little place off South Street on the same block as Crash Bang Boom.   Hence the fact that it is indeed a coffee shop, the majority of their selections are coffee-based drinks.  However, it was close to 100 degrees the day I decided to check it out and I was not really in the mood for coffee or any iced drink of the coffee variety, so I settled on a lemonade, which ended up being quite yummy.  When I have time to actually sit down and enjoy the vibe, I will bring my sketchbook and enjoy some quality time with it and some coffee!
Most honest service center you will ever find.  They have been taking care of my family's cars about 30 years.  One of the last remaining true family businesses out there.  Ron, Pat, Ronnie, and Norris will take good care of you and your car.  Their rates are inline with everywhere else and they will never lie to you about what your car needs.   I have even been there twice when they told me my car didnt need service.   And another time they fixed a brake light and charged me $5 with no labor to put it in.  I felt bad so I gave them $10.  You will not find a better service center for your car.
Mmmm - my kind of place. Beautiful, big, clean, modern rooms with a great view (even if not facing the arch) and a fridge. Lots of restaurants, bars, shopping inside. Kind guests services. Walking distance to everything. Literally next to the arch! Only negative was parking - though they have an overnight lot it was closed to non-valet cars, and unless you want to spend $28 a night, then prepare to explore the area for other options! Also, dropping off your stuff, even with valet, can be insanely frustrating during congested hours. You have to drive around the hotel and enter on one-way Chestnut/Market. We booked though hotwire.com and got a beautiful room for only $80/night :) I'll be seeing you again soon, Hyatt!
Ummmm No.  This hotel shares the same space as The Residence Inn so it can be hard to find it on a search.  Great location, but downhill from there.  Staff really doesn't seem to care and you had better be proactive in searching and asking for things.  When I go on vacation that is something I don't want to do.  I'm a Marriott Titanium member and there are zero benefits at this location.  Standard room with limited view of the inner coastal.  They weren't at full capacity since it was during COVID.    I booked for 7 nights and they said my room would be cleaned after night 5 since it's during COVID. That is fine, but you had better grant me the measly 250 points per night for being "Green."  What happened to we are "all in this together."  I paid for 7 nights, cleaned my own room/kitchen, reused my towels, and didn't burden housekeeping.  At a minimum you should grant the points.  What a sham.  At the end of your stay double check your bill. They charged me for 7 nights of valet parking even though I took an Uber my entire trip.  Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money to stay at The Opal Sands, Hyatt, or Regency.  Same great location, but on the beach.  This area desperately needs a full service Marriott.
Nick's has always been one of my favorite bars due to its great specials, tons of tvs to watch sports, and great service, but I am HUGELY disappointed that they have chosen to get an exemption from the St. Louis City Smoking Ban.  I was really looking forward to enjoying my favorite pub without my eyes burning and having to shower and wash my clothes as soon as I get home.  Unfortunately, it looks like I'll be taking my business elsewhere now since I actually have tons of smoke free bars to choose from.  As soon as Nick's joins the rest of the world and bans smoking, I'll be sure to change my rating accordingly.
Ok so we try this place once again. We sit down at 9:35 for AYCE. There were no menus left for AYCE so we took one from the sushi bar. We fill it out I go use the rest room and almost break my neck on a puddle leading to the restroom area... i get back and the manager informs us that they do not do AYCE after 9:30. I asked where does it state that in the restaurant and they said it doesn't it is just their policy. We said well can we just order once from the AYCE menu and then we won't order again? He asked the owners and they said no. The manger ( a very nice man BTW) questioned where we even got the menu since they take it off the tables at 9:30. We said at the sushi bar and we thought that they just ran out of the menus at our table. Upon leaving talked to the owners and they would not even engage us in conversation which truly irritated me. They just told us to leave and she would laugh at everything we said. I have never been more insulted in my life and will never go to that restaurant again. Past health code issues and rude service... Go to Kampai or Sushi ten with their new owners.
This place is amazing! My wife and I were turned on to this place awhile back by good friends & it's become one of our goto places for amazing eats. Every single thing we've ever gotten here has been absolutely mind blowing. Ownership is very family oriented & service and staff are superb. In particular we recommend the brisket jalape o Quesadilla, the mac & cheese & the scalloped potatoes. They have two choices of barbecue sauce, hot & mild and both are great. If there were 6 stars available I'd rate them higher! Also, be sure to call ahead (615-773-2258) or check their website to see if they are open before you go as they have a huge catering to professionals business which they also run. Give our love to Victoria and eat your hearts out.
Great pizza + helpful staff + zero waste assistance = I will come back  Ordered 2 large pizzas for take out from here the other night.  I also wanted a salad but didn't want it in Styrofoam or plastic so I asked if they could make it on a plate and could I then just put it in my own container.  They said no problem without even skipping a beat.  Awesome!  They then ended up putting the wrong salad in my container but again were great by taking it out, washing out my container and adding in the correct salad.  I will support any place that helps reduce plastic!  We really liked their margarita pizza and their pesto pizza which we got without chicken and substituted mushrooms.  Yum!
I've heard a lot of good things about Lucky's General Tso's Tofu ever since I was in college. I finally ventured into the Baltimore Ave take-out spot this past Friday for some quick, easy, delicious Chinese food.  I went for the Sesame Tofu Combination Platter (always a good deal) and my boyfriend ordered General Tso's chicken. The food was probably better-than-average, with flavorful sauces, and tender chicken/tofu.   Behind the staggered plexiglass counter, the man who took our order was really nice. A few different people came in and said hello to him by name. Clearly a favorite of many neighbors - which, i think, is a good sign.
I've been living at 3rd and Snyder for over 5 years and watched the southeast corner go from pizza shop to Mexican food to Mexican pizza shop to a lobster roll place to a weird "night owl" food place and now Halal food. Finally a home run! My fianc  and I decided to finally stop in tonight for pickup and am blown away. I've had those Halal food trucks in center city and was expecting cheap, mediocre food but as you can see from my picture I got so.much.food! As another reviewer noted I too am on a Keto diet and the bbq combo is perfect (sans the rice). The chicken is amazing and the lamb chops are a perfect medium. My goal is to finance this place so much that they can't leave!
The only phrase I can think of that sums up my experience with CJ Muggs is  "meh, not bad."  Every aspect of my restaurant experience was by no means negative, but neither was any particular feature distinguishable from the white background noise of memory. The service is competent. Sometimes it's extremely attentive and sometimes lax to the point of pseudo-neglect. The dining areas are bright, comfortable and clean, but the atmosphere has a bland 'Cheers' atmosphere that fits the image of a sleepy bar from years gone by.   And the food is, well, it's good but it's not memorable. This time I had the 5 cheese and chorizo quesadilla and it came out in a relatively short amount of time, seemed to be well prepared and tasted pretty good... but again there was nothing about it that really left deep impressions in my mind. I can't even quibble about the price/portion ratio.   Overall I'd put CJ's about 2 bars above Applebees. Great if you're in the neighborhood and don't really know what you want. But I'd wouldn't set it as a high priority  on a list of "Places I just gotta try."
This morning I went to Oxford Exchange to eat breakfast. The moment I walked into the building I was enchanted by its design and layout.  I ordered an omelet with ham cheese and spinach. The food was tasty but nothing too extraordinary. I will go back, but i think that I would rather try something on the lunch menu and something more original in flavors.  I wish I would have been a little more brave in my breakfast choice.   The staff was friendly and very attentive. I didn't have to wait to place an order. My food came out in a timely manner, and the check came promptly after finishing food.    Along with the restaurant they also had a tea bar, a coffee bar and storefronts. After looking around the store and taking multiple photos of some of the amazing decorations and architecture, I decided to get a Caramel Latte from the coffee bar. It was delicious and a step up from the normal latte's I usually get from Starbucks.    After I left, I immediately sent a text to one of my friends with a picture of books in the bookstore(she is an English Major) and told her we must do lunch here.   Looking forward to another good experience.
A fan of the Feather Nest Inn! This was actually my second time coming here in  4 years. I always have a good time here with the hubby.  It's clean, secluded and the room is spacious.  I enjoy the hot tub.  This time we got the Manhattan Room.  I loved the modern look of it online but the way the bed was shaped, wasn't exactly the best.  I'd go with another room next time.  Also love the free cable and the free (wink wink) movies! Easy to check in, easy to check out, and free parking.
For a family run business they are strongly in need of an ethics lesson. I was quoted the price of 22.15 for a 3 topping pizza and small greek salad. I had requested a delivery. No where on their menu or website does it say they charge for delivery. Apparently the person on the phone who quoted me the price also forgot to include tax and the $2.50 delivery fee. When the driver came he charged me close to $27 and didn't give me a receipt. I had my daughter's friends leaving at the same time and so was highly distracted. Had he been honest and said hey, we quoted you the wrong price and this is the total we forgot tax and normally have a $2.50 delivery fee but we will waive that, then whatever, honesty is good. But that didn't happen.  When I went in the next day (Saturday) to investigate and talk to a manager, the pizza delivery driver was the manager! He overcharged regardless of tax and the delivery fee and I think just saw a busy mom not paying attention. I guess that's fine if that's the kind of business you want to run. Someone else did step in (Kevin) and said he would check receipts and call back Saturday or Sunday, but it's Tuesday and no phone call. No thanks! I'll go to So Italian which has been in town for years and is also a family run business.  The pizza was okay, crust was good, toppings, especially cheese was lacking. Salad was good and I would honestly have given them one more chance had they handled this pricing issue differently. I will absolutely take my business else where.
This was our 2nd stop for our beef po boy crawl in NOLA/Metarie area.  Since they only take cash, we drive about 3 or 4 blocks past Guys  and stopped at the Whole Foods.  I needed some sea salt anyway.  Parking can be a bit tricky for Guys, since it is only street parking.  We were lucky enough to snag one right in front.  Parallel parking on such a busy street presented another challenge....but not impossible. This is a SMALL but busy place.  Oh they have an ATM for those that didnt realize that this is a cash only transaction. No long lines just constant flow of customers.  8 tables total and it is still a bit too warm to be comfortable.   Grab your choice of bottled drink - no fountain drinks.  Place your order.  So it took about 15 mins for our LG roast beef, Xtra gravy and fully dressed po boy to make its way to our table. Since I saw the bread bag, I knew it was "the standard" bread for po boys in NOLA. It is LARGE and enough for 2 to share with plenty of sliced meat. It was good and messy.  Once again the bread was too chewy for me.  We agreed we preferred the 1st place better. Wouldn't go out of our way for this one. Oh and I didn't see a public restroom, but didn't ask either.
I don't know if this was just bad timing or if I was new there, but I'm certainly not going back.  First off, it is a bar where you can smoke inside, no big deal, thing that killed my experience was the bimbo waitress, I have never seen such an unprofessional bartender ever. When I sat at the table, she gave me a shallow greeting than asked what I'd like to drink, told her, than literally five minutes later she brought me a bottle when they were right next to her, not even two feet away. She was also texting and making overly long chit chat with the other patrons and treated me like I didn't exist. Didn't offer me no food menu or much afterwards. Left her a penny as a tip haha.  Other than that, it's just a regular less than stellar dive bar with your usual selection of alcohol. I was not impressed by it in the slightest.
I don't normally do reviews unless the restaurant is really good and the service is fantastic. This place hits all the marks. The food was incredible, the cocktails were perfect and the service was some of the best I've had. I have been on vacation for 10 days between Tampa and Ana Maria Island and this was by far the best experience of all. Our waiter Ray was so awesome, super attentive, made fantastic suggestions, he made our dinner memorable. Ambiance was perfect, just what we were looking for. If you are in the Tampa area, you have to check this place out.
Finally, a restaurant that can survive this formerly cursed establishment with the perfect outdoor patio!  This is a really great addition to broadripple.  I will compare the pros and cons to Tomo (a hibachi steakhouse on Keystone)  Pros - better atmosphere - more entertaining chefs - they squirt sake in your mouth from an impressive dinner - cost is similar but you can add lobster for $5 which was the best item - free tempura fried ice cream with Yelp checkin - a broader steak and seafood selection   Cons - service was slower  - calamari wasn't as good - yum yum sauce wasn't as flavorful and they didn't put it in the fried rice which is a key secret ingredient   All in all, I will be back
My hafada/lorum piercings experience here was the polar opposite of what I had feared.  From soup to nuts, no pun intended, everything and everyone worked together to put me at ease and make for a really great experience.  The design of the place shows these folks care.  Also, everyone was knoweldgeable about all aspects of the piercing and jewelry choices and asked me the right questions to help me make decisions and put me completely at ease.  When I was in the piercing room and I jokingly told Stan (the man, the legend) that I might scream, he replied "no one can hear your screams".  Funny, right?  He addressed each and every concern I had.  He put me at ease to the point of getting me to talk about things I don't readily share and based on the information I gave him he suggested the best position for the two hafadas and one lorum.  I totally feel like going back tonight and getting other things pierced.  Thanks guys.
I have three words for you:  Crab Cr me Brul e.  Hello lover.  I'll be over here, at the adorable first floor bar, or the cozy second floor space (check out the shellfish and fish theme classic art- awesome) or their beautiful outdoor space, whispering sweet nothings at this dish.  Don't mind me.  If you're not coming here for this delectable dish, you're coming here for the extensive oysters menu, and indulging with a glass of bubbly in hand.  The remainder of the menu eats well.  The scallops, tender and sauteed just so, a risotto with the right amount of bite.  All around, an excellent, elegant (while also accessible) option on main street Manayunk.
Filthy patio, garbage and bugs everywhere. Zero ambience, dingy grey walls and sticky tables. 10 giant tv screens with zero attention to any sort of theme they claim to have.. basic bar food, basic boring interiors. Now the food.. cold bacon, dried out meat, over cooked and dried out boneless wings, lazy preparation, and WAY over priced. The only thing that wasn't an absolute disappointment was the Orange Blossom (can't really screw that up) and the vanilla cream fountain soda.. otherwise.. just gross sloppy food with zero kitchen skill. This place needs help from top to bottom. Maybe the owners should make their employees actually work, maybe sweep, wipe down tables, mop...instead of huddling behind the counter playing grab ass like you're at some kind of county fair. Will not return.
Aaron is the best at gel nails! He always is glad to see you and the hour flies by as he makes you laugh the whole time.  What I like best is how thorough he is and he NEVER talks on the phone or answers a call when you are at his table. A true professional!   Give Aaron a try!  I guarantee you will be back!  For pedicures, Kandy is the BEST! She takes her time and I never feel rushed. Always a quality job.  CON:  The young man at the desk is not a people person and not easy to understand.  Never smiles and is not helpful at all.  Sorry Charlie, he needs to go!  One of the ladies is better suited for that position.  He's a child and this is no place for him.
Second visit here last Friday (20-Oct).  Just happened to be our anniversary.  We arrived late, about 9:00 pm.  Very few diners left, 5 or 6 tables.  Joe was our server.  He obviously had plans because he was in a huge rush from the moment we sat down.  We said we wanted to have a drink or two and an appetizer, the guacamole is some of the best in town.  When we mentioned our anniversary he barely acknowledged it.  Just skimmed right past it trying to get our entree order.  The food was great and the drinks great too.  I understand they close at ten but I never felt so rushed in my life.  When we did order the entrees they were served so fast we hadn't finished the guacamole yet.  Order to table in less than five minutes.  If it weren't for the quality it was like eating in a fast food restaurant.  Street corn, tacos, burrito, cocktails all first rate!  I highly recommend Milagro for the food.  But set the expectations with you wait staff if you want to enjoy your meal on your time frame.  I hope Joe enjoyed my generous gratuity since I don't penalize staff.  However, it will have an effect on our decision to return or visit their other establishments.  Too bad such a good restaurant has other priorities for their time than allowing their guests to enjoy their visit on our own schedule.
Huge fan of their product and atmosphere, not so much the prices for bottles.  It wasn't very crowded the weekend of the scarecrow festival (the beer place down the way was packed). We were served immediately. You can get cocktails or simply taste the liquors.  I don't know Jack (haha) about whiskey, but I really liked the bourbon. It didn't burn your throat like the stuff from the store. I wish they sold bigger bottles though. They're only about half the size of regular bottles but for the same prices ($29) for only about 12oz bottles. I think the gin and vodka were full 750ml size though.
I think this place is a good option within the neighborhood that consists of a sea of chain restaurants.  Gives you something a bit more authentic.  The atmosphere and decor could use an update, but the food and service was decent. And also a good option if you like BYOB.  Amongst our group we shared the house salad and then for entrees had the grilled shrimp and veal parm.  Everything was cooked just right.  Portions were on the larger side.  I might almost half them bc each entree is almost 2 servings.  Additionally the bread/olive oil/white bean dip was tasty, but also abnormally large portion.  So again, good place for dinner if you live in the neighborhood and can't fathom another dinner at Bertuccis or PF Changs :)
2 stars go to the quality of the sushi and the music. Minus three stars because of the service is very slow. The staff was very friendly though. I have frequented this restaurant a few times and have noticed that the service is extremely slow but friendly. The restaurant was very empty except for a Togo order which they where being taken care of first instead of actual diners. I was starving and didn't have  time to wait around so I grumpily left. I'm not sure if I will be back again because of how slow the service is. Its a shame because the food and music is so good.
Stop the car Nancy ! Though parking might be an issue, nothing else will be problem - unless you're allergic to sea food. Then it's an epipen chaser for you. The Shrimp cocktail is that worth it!  Once seated you may have a hard time holding focus between Spanish TV takes, so your table conversation may dwindle. But chips and salsa will help occupy your time. I've never noticed more than one sever here, but even when busy, the wait has never been bad. Other than the coctel de camar n (shrimp cocktail) I have found the Chili Relleno and Sopes are excellent. I am not a fan of Horchata, but other family members rave about it. The place isn't a cheap dive by any means,.. more of a mid priced dive - all in a good, "I still feel safe" way -  I'm certain you will have a much more "authentic" experience here than another "super" popular establishment a block or so away.... The menu goes deep, and I have promised myself to be more adventurous but did I mention the Shrimp Cocktail ?
How have I not reviewed this place? Maybe because I want to keep it from everyone. I'm sad to not be as close to this bar as I use to be. The bartenders are always super friendly, there's always a great beer list (had many a Pliny The Elder here) and the food is always solid. I have had dreams about their chicken sandwich...yes, a chicken sandwich. The pimento cheese isn't my mom's but it'll do. The menu has a New Orleans-slant thanks to the chef that was in place upon opening and they are still doing it as well, or better, as most in the city. If things are crowded downstairs, head upstairs which will most likely have room. Also check out happy hour and their late night happy hour on Tuesday...good deals on both food and drink.
We stopped in here just because we happened to be driving by.  There was a man in the line in front of us who was complaining about the food.  We thought nothing of it.  We both ordered cheeseburgers.  My wife got hers and went to take a bite and there was absolutely no meat.  Just bun and veggies.  When she brought it up to complain they all laughed and just threw a patty on it.  There is a visible sign on the managers door that say "clock in on time not before your shift,  I'll pay you to be ready not to get ready". If this is how they treat their employees this isn't a place I want to give my money to.  As a side note.  None of the employees wear gloves and when coming back from break a girl took out the vtrash then started serving food without washing her hands.  If a negative star was an option they'd be getting it.
After reading all of the great reviews here on YELP I have to give Federal Donuts a try. I have been really watching my sugar intake lately but I do allow myself one cheat meal and I decided what better cheat meal to have than a nice yummy donut. So yesterday I met my daughter there for a Father Daughter get together for lunch. I skipped the donut and went straight for the fried chicken. It was delicious and had a wonderful crunch that was extremely satisfying. My daughter enjoyed the cinnamon and brown sugar donut and I had to steal a bite. It was so good. I definitely recommend you give them a try.
This is my 2nd time here.  First time was for a manicure, and today I decided to come her die a mani and a pedi.   From the moment you call, the man answers the phone and welcomes you right from there. He just asks you for your name. Then, I came in, and he is going "Hi there!!!" And addressing me by name. WOW  Customer service is very impressive.  Unfortunately, they didn't have my gel polish that I normally get at my usual nail salon (hot pink) so I was only able to get a pedi done which is great because I get to experience a service which I've never gotten before. Also I didn't get the option to choose from different scents as others have mentioned on here :( As I'm doing this review, the wonderful technical is running my feet and taking the time to roll my ankles and toes around.   Granted it's a much shorter pedi than I'm used to, but they are good and efficient. But to get a longer pedi (45 mins or hour) costs double the amount I've been used to paying for a 1 hour pedi.   Regardless, it's spotless clean in here, the techs are so nice and the gentleman who greets you is taking care of you when you get in, during the pedi and he checks you out.   One extra thing, that my "usual" place doesn't have and I wish they did - magazine selection is awesome! Vogue, US weekly, in touch, glamour, a maxIm.   Very impressed
We went to the traditional service while in town visiting. We loved it. There is also a contemporary service; but we didn't wake up early enough to attend that one. The service was really well planned; and everyone involved was skilled, prepared, relaxed and cheerful. Immanuel has a Beautiful campus-like compound vibe, bright, cheerful, and airy sanctuary with cathedral ceilings, comfortable seating (cushioned chairs instead of pews), a wonderful choir with a small highly skilled orchestra for accompaniment. And wow! The preaching was excellent and powerful, engaging, from the heart, totally humorous, and solidly from the Word by Dr. John Tittle (his preaching made me laugh and also brought tears to my eyes), friendly and cheerful people with lots of young families! Great church!
This was our third time at Sakura at Northtown and have to say we haven't been disappointed yet.  Can't say all the dishes we've experienced are something to write home about but, almost all of them are.  This little place is a keeper. Tonight we enjoyed the Aloha roll, some very good muscles, surf clams and numerous others I can't recall the names of.  The service is excellent, the chefs care what you're served is appealing to both eye and pallet. Our chef this evening had an excellent, playful, fun personality. To us, enjoying a good dinner and good company makes a great meal.  You can't go wrong with this little restaurant, they put their heart in the food and the atmosphere. The woman in the kitchen is a machine! Everything she cooked was to perfection. The muscles weren't the least bit rubbery but, were tender with just the right amount of condiments as to not over power the flavor of the muscles. We recommend trying this sushi house to anyone who enjoys good food and friendly staff!
Whenever you are craving Pizza, this is the place to go! I've been here a half a dozen times, and have always gotten different styles of pizza for less than $10. I love how you can chose what you want while being in-and-out of the door in as fast at 10 minutes!  They even have Vegan cheese and Vegan sausage! The staff is always patient and very friendly! If you go on TUESDAYS pizzas are $6 each and everyday 4-6 and after 8:30 a pizza&wine/beer is $9.95! Considering they normally charge around $8 a pizza, that's a great price for a pizza and drink.   The establishment is very clean as well! Every time I have gone, I have seen a server cleaning up.   I can't wait to back on Tuesday!
This place is great but sometimes the service is lacking. Young group of kids which isn't really an excuse for me when it comes to customer service. You're getting paid to be here; cheer up. The tall kid here tonight on 7:45 3/25 was propped up in the back corner starring at us while the other kid was busy making cones. When I nicely asked him if we could order with him, he looked at me like I was an idiot and raised his eyebrows and goes, "yuh.." He was obviously super inconvenienced. He grabbed a scoop and never looked back up for the rest of the order.  Then when I asked if they had Apple Pay, he goes, "yuh.." Really warm dude. Sadly this is what I expect from these teenagers. Pretty pitiful. It'd be five  stars for the ice cream. Three for the kid makin cones. He was very nice when he said bye as we left and was nice last time we were there too.
I can't say enough about the great time we had here this past Saturday! Firstly, at 10:15 am it was pretty quiet . The grandkids and their parents signed up as did my senior husband.  One grandchild was old enough but too short.  I was glad they had safety guidelines!  The staff was very nice and helpful. The GM went out of his way to see if my granddaughter could reach the pedals and she could with the booster behind her!    Coffee was good , too! Arcade is small but kept the non-rider occupied.  We will definitely return soon.
I ordered my wedding dress online, and it looked like a white trash bag when I first tried it on  It was WAY too big, but Judy saved me. It was a "tricky" dress to alter because it had a very low open back, but she made it fit me like a glove on my wedding day. She brought it way in, added cups, added elastic to the bottom of the straps to keep them in place, hemmed it and fixed the bustle for an insanely reasonable price. I've gone to her for all other alterations since. I always tip her extra because she works so hard and undervalues herself! The same services would be 3x the price elsewhere. She is also hilarious and so sweet. I recommend Judy to everyone.
I bought a massage through Groupon and called to book my appointment.   I was told that there were no available appointments until after the expiration date, but the Groupon would still be good for the amount paid (not the promotional value).   Well, the only reason I was trying a spa I didn't know was for the promotional value and I was calling before the expiration date!!   I was told the Groupon sold more than they expected and they booked up all appointments up to the expiration date 4 months prior.  I was supposed to call 4 months in advance??   The lady on the phone was hostile and basically said "too bad - and that now I would know better and in the future call far ahead in advance".   Again, 4 months??   Not my fault you oversold.   If you intent was to get more customers, you just lost one!  The bright side: I reported this to Groupon and they refunded me (they get 5 stars!)    Which was great since there was no way I was stepping foot in there!
I ordered carry out once, dine in once, and lunch buffet.  Carry out experience was horrific.waited an hour and 15 min after being told it would be ready in 20 min. They brought out my order twice and both times it was incorrect.   Dine in was slow, they took our order the two other tables before finally giving it to us and my combo didn't come with any Italian sausage so it was really just an Italian beef.    Lunch buffet fantastic no complaints there like I said they have decent food the Buffet was fully stocked
Can't find anything better than these!!!!  I'm pretty picky with my desserts but I have to say, I am always craving these macarons! Something about the fluffiness with a bit of crisp, and the smooth filling in between makes me come back to the mall for more. And importantly, it's not too sweet. There's a whole variety of flavors, and new ones are always being added which is a plus! My favorite is the Rice Krispie flavor.  I checked out their cute little new shop on the court side of KOP - they're serving la colombe coffee!!! And icecream + macarons! To die for.  Your mouth won't be sorry :)
Hmm, where to start. This bar has some promise, but fails when it can offer more than most. The whole idea of batting cages and liquor captures my attention.   We were a group of 7 that started playing pool and listening to the juke box (which is the only source of music. $1 for 1 credit. Songs cost 1 to 2 credits each. We paid $20 for 55 credits. Otherwise we would have had to rely on conversation.   Food was average, not bad and not wow. Good and drinks are a reasonable price $4.25 for J ger shots and $6.00 for Patron shots. I'm used to California priced shots like $12 for Patron. A pitcher of beer (domestic) was $7.75 and $14.00 for imported like Blue Moon.   We ordered a 10" Philly steak for around $7. It was tasty and went perfect with the Bud light we ordered. After a fight broke out near the 2 only pool tables, we decided to try the batting cages which cost only $0.50 for 12 balls (come up!) this kept us entertained for the next hour but got old real quick.   Were they lost stars was the restrooms. It looked like they paid no attention to it for days. Smelled like no attention for weeks. I know bars usually don't have the best of bathrooms but this bar had kids there also.   A little attention to detail would make this place a favorite of mine. It's on the right side of town and the drinks and food are reasonable. I just need a little more entertainment to hold my attention. It would be a great place for karaoke.   ....plus if you want to play darts...BYODARTS!
We've tried twice to make an appointment here after 5pm. No one ever answers the phone or returns messages. They book through some booksy site which only allows up to 5pm where almost barbers work past 5pm. (I'm a barber in Vegas-this appt for my son who lives in sparks) So I message asking if they work past 5pm, ZERO RESPONSE. Radio silence. The second time I reached out I was mad at myself for not remembering the tactlessness & unprofessional handling of communication. This time we'll remember D'S Cuts only wants a quick $$$ buck, no communication, atleast that's how it comes across when you treat people that way.
We took a chance on this place based on Yelp reviews, and we're glad we did! Every aspect of our meal was outstanding, from the phone call for reservations ("Hey, I really like that name!"), to drinks, entrees, kids meals, and absolutely phenomenal service from Zoee.   Our entrees included the Brie and apricot pork chop, seafood fried rice, and a side of lobster Mac and cheese. Everything was delicious. The lobster Mac and cheese was the best I've ever had. Zoee went out of her way to arrange a (plain) Mac and cheese kids meal for our son. Later she asked if he liked it, and took no offense when he shook his head "no." We had to convince her that we didn't need her to get him something else. When we left she sent us off with a small cake for the kids, complete with to-go silverware- knowing from our conversation that we were headed back to a hotel.  We will absolutely be back the next time that we're in Clearwater!
Don't waste time going to Feast.  The food is mediocre, but interesting.  The service from my waiter pretty much sucked.   We felt ignored most of the night.   It didn't matter how many times we looked at the waitstaff we were ignored.  We weren't check on, had to wait at the bar to get our check.  Unless you just HAVE to have Sticky Toffee Pudding, just don't go.  By the way, the Sticky Toffee Pudding wasn't good and had a glob of what I thought was ice cream on the side...turns out,  it was a hunk of lard.  Very strange.
Had a wonderful brunch with my family today. We walked in expecting a long wait, Bc there typically is on Sunday morning and we had a group of 7 but to my dismay we were seated very shortly after we put our name down. The hostess seemed fairly new and clueless, but the quickness was great! A few started with either the 2 for 1 mimosas or a 'Build your own Bloody Marry Bar'. Then we tried the Nashville Donuts..the oil they were fried in was the same oil as the fries and seafood..you could taste the seafood in the dough at that point...couldn't handle that. Our waitress was very quick to fix the problem and took it off our ticket, thank you for this! She was also very honest about the menu choices, love that. We had two at our table order the Hot chicken, I stole a bite of my sisters, yummy! The two others ordered he Eggs Saint Louise, that looked delicious. I order sides bc I couldn't decide what I wanted, two eggs, cheese grits and fresh fruit. The cheese grits had an abnormal amount of garlic in them, not a fan of garlic. For those of you that like garlic, these would be right up your alley! Can't wait to take others who visit us to 55 South for Sunday brunch, always a great local choice. We'll definitely be back :)
My wife loves finding new places for us to get treats from.  She found this tiny little bakery in NJ. We decided to grab a few items to try and everything was absolutely spectacular.   The pecan caramel croissant was unbelievably delicious we both could not get over how amazing it tasted. Hands down the show stopper here.   I really enjoyed the bread pudding but we warmed it up later and put some ice cream with it and it was excellent.   Danish dulce de leche was very flaky and crisp. The inside cream was good I just wish there was a bit more of it.   We will definitely be stopping back here for sure to try many other items. Fantastic find and stupendous bake goods.
Awesome dinner! So picture this, I spend 30 minutes trying to order delivery from somewhere else. I'm starving and frustrated. Bareburger came within 30 minutes! So awesome. They also followed instructions (bed of lettuce instead of a bun, sauces for fries, etc) which was great. The food came hot, and the containers weren't styrofoam! Yay! The sweet fries were great with the special sauce, but they weren't very crispy. Everyone loved their orders, and I'm happy I ordered from grub hub last night! Definitely turned hangry into happy, which was worth the price!! As for burgers- I got the Thai chili, which was super flavorful but not too spicy. Will definitely order again.
I rented from Park Place Property Management from June 30, 2015 -September 23rd, 2016. During my time renting, I had some troubles with the constant change of property managers, which had changed 4 different times while I was renting, all of which neglected to introduce themselves in any way to at least let me know who my property manager was, or even that my property manager had changed in general.  A few of the employees at Park Place Property Management are not fully equipped to conduct their job title (lack the management skills and customer service) which I had the pleasure of having to deal with a few issues with these employees.   However, after a list of Employees I did meet and had a rough time with, one employee was super helpful, considerate, on track of handling issues and very understanding from the renters perspective, If you need anything handled or just want the best customer service from Park Place Property Management, contact Zoe Durr. She was VERY helpful in helping me come to a mutual resolution with the issues I had and it was usually someone I looked forward to talking to instead of feeling stressed or bothered that I had to have to go back and forth to have an issue resolved. Absolute amazing and understanding customer service.
I'm always up to try somewhere new in Conshy so I met a friend here for drinks on a Tuesday and then came back with my fianc e that following Friday for dinner! The restaurant itself is really cool- exposed brick and rafters and very spacious. The bar area is nice but it's also great how they have a separate dining area.   When I met my friend for drinks, we both had a salad- I wasn't too impressed by the goat cheese salad but she enjoyed the buffalo chicken salad.   When I came back with my fianc e, we started with the "dirty balls"- fried dough with parmesan stuffed with cheese- so good! And then he had the mussels special which they made spicy for him at his request and I had fish & chips. We had Moscow mules to drink and we both really enjoyed our meals! It's always good to find a new good spot- we'll definitely be back!
I ate here for the first time on April 20th, 2017 and it was absolutely amazing!  The food was delicious, the staff was really nice as well.  They do get really busy in the morning, specially since they are only open til a certain time and not all day.  I have been back a couple of times after that and in 2018, and the food is still amazing as ever!  It is one of my favorite breakfast spots to dine at, plus the food and the portions are perfect!  You are sure to get full, and maybe take some home.
A++  Modern equipment.  Interior designed more like a new rustic home, rather than a medical facility.  Lower traffic means the staff gets to know every patient, unlike some of the larger dental factories in town.  Seems more like a large family over here.  Staff is professional, they know what they are doing, and they all seem like genuinely good people.  I just finished my Invisalign procedure today and am extremely happy with the results.  Pretty sure this is the best price around too.  Another place in town quoted me over $3,000 higher than West Reno Dental.  And it's not like they could be more skilled in orthodontics as far as Invisalign goes because it's mostly handled off-site at Invisalign anyway.  I 150% recommend Invisalign procedure at West Reno Dental.  I moved over here from a facility where it was obvious they were just in it for the money.  West Reno Dental is like a breath of fresh air because it's obvious that these folks have a passion for their work and really care about their business.
Came here on a Saturday night for my birthday and was blown away. I have eaten at Brazilian steakhouses in Los Angeles, Boston, and New York City, and this was by far the best of all of them. The service was prompt and so friendly. Definitely ask to be seated in Uju's section. She's awesome and such a hoot. I ordered the house signature cocktail, the Tipsy Turtle, which was delicious. The hot and cold salad bar had lots of things to snack on, and I couldn't get enough of the Brazilian sides that were brought to the table. The meats are the real showstoppers. Each one was amazing. My favorite was the tri tip. They even come around with grilled pineapple. For dessert, I got the churros, which were a great way to end the meal. I left stuffed and very happy. Well worth the price. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Edit: I've been coming in once a week for almost two years and the last two months here have been a joke. I have walked in during lunch and walked right out because there were ONLY two types of bagels in the case. I love this place, but it's not a place I frequent anymore because why waste my lunch to walk over and be disappointed. Please start making more bagels to last you past lunch hour or don't offer lunch on your menu.   I love this place. I love their jalape o bagels and their open faced sandwiches. I love their everything bagels and breakfast. The employees are equally as amazing. I come in at least once a week and it's my favorite treat. Thank you to Megan and everyone at truckee bagel for being welcoming and making the best bagels! Check them out if you're in midtown
I've been a customer of Young's for a couple of years now, and if I had written this review in the beginning it would read much differently.    I was unhappy with the service provided and the general attitude of the employees was pretty negative. I only stuck around because Young's is so convenient, and I wasn't having much luck finding another cleaners that I was happy with.   Luckily Young's hired new staff and things have turned around. My clothes come back clean, and the turn times are pretty fast.  The staff seems happy and is always friendly.    They offer customers coffee (Keurig), bottled water, and there is a box of complimentary snacks to choose from.  I usually grab a granola bar and bottle of water on my way out. Nice touch, Young's.   If you can't make it into the store, they offer complimentary drop off and pick up.   This may sound crazy, but I've always had this idea that dry cleaning is sort of a luxury, so to walk into Young's and know that they recognize it as such, and treat it that way, makes me feel like we're on the same page.
I would like to thank the crew at Final Cut this evening for a delicious meal.  The service was top notch, thanks Jason and Matthew.   Blue Crab Salad- The focus of this dish was definitely on the crab.  When the menu said "lump", it can sometimes be less than desired but this salad features lump crab (no backfin meat here) and is paired well with the artisan crackers and crostini. Served Cold.   Filet and Lobster(Add on)- Chose to have the Filet topped with the gorgonzola butter which put it over the top.  The Filet was super tender, cooked exactly medium rare, and was a nice 6oz portion. The lobster was not over cooked and seasoned nicely.  The asparagus were the thickness of a highlighter marker which were cook well and weren't fibrous at all.  The baked potato was fully loaded and the bacon was thick cut for added texture and smokiness.  ***The Filet looks tiny in the picture but the baked potato and Lobster tail were huge!***  The only miss of the evening was the lobster bisque.  The texture and taste did not agree with my taste buds.  I feel it could have a creamier texture and been more flavorful.  It was garnished with pieces of lobster which is a plus.  If you want lobster bisque while at Hollywood Casino, check out Charlie Gittos.    Overall, it was a great dinner and we will be back to try some additional other dishes.
The restaurant is on Stone Ave between Glenn and Grant on the west side of the street.  It is both a restaurant and grocery store.  There is limited parking in front but a much larger parking lot in the back.  They offer food from India and Nepal and your choice of how spicy you want many of the dishes.  The samosas were large and very good.  I had the tandoori chicken-1/2 portion and it was plenty of food with some to take home.  It came with cabbage, onions and bell peppers which was a nice balance.  I also had the paneer naan bread which was tasty.  I was with a group of people and everyone enjoyed their meal.  A bonus was the opportunity to shop for Indian spices and other food there.
I have been craving a Red Robin burger and bottomless fries for a couple months now; this was not the location to patronize. The wife got Tortilla Soup and a BLTA; she was quite satisfied. I ordered the Pig Out Tavern Double...it arrived cold.  The bun was cold to the touch - out of the  refrigerator cold.  The bacon was cool and the cheese had congealed.  I can't remember the last time I sent back food...this went back. The manager made sure it was hot when she brought it back.  Unfortunately, the burger was mediocre at best. The wait staff and manager were very nice and efficient.  This review is all about the kitchen producing a meal that was a disappointment. Next time I am hungry for a burger in Reno, I think we will hit Archie's.
Visited The Boardwalk Grill with my aunt for lunch.  She heard that they had really good lobster rolls so we decided to check it out.  Her friends were right!   We both ordered the lobster rolls $16.99 each for a small roll but with tons of lobster.  This roll is the reason this place gets the 5 stars.  I'm sure the other food is just fine but why get anything else unless you don't eat shellfish.    The place is a hole in the wall, the service is now great and you have to deal with parking at John's Pass.    BUT the lobster rolls are worth it.  We also ordered the chicken Parmesan fries.  They were good and this was a huge portion.   Will definitely visit again when I am craving the best lobster roll I have had in town.  Highly recommend!
I recently needed to get gas on my way to work. I had never stopped here before, and I will never stop here again! I went to pump the gas itself and it was going SOOO slowly. In my 10 mins. of standing at the pump, only 3 gallons of gas pumped out into vehicle. Because this was taking so long, I stopped there! I went inside to get a hot tea and tell the manager about the slow pump. He claimed they just pumped slowly sometimes and that their was nothing he could do about it. That wasn't really helpful, but I thought I would just get my hot tea and go. I get hot water in a cup then look around for the tea bags (that most gas stations have on display). I walked back to the counter to ask about them and he pulls a random box (with unwrapped tea bags) from under the counter, touches one and hands it to me. Honestly that grossed me out, but I felt I still needed to pay for it as I already used the cup by filling it with water, although I did not plan on drinking it. He told me the total and I was shocked. I do not remember the exact total, but it was over $2 when most places have small hot teas and even small coffees for much less. I paid, but I will definitely not go back!
Had a nice experience here recently.  I stopped in on a random weekday afternoon without an appointment, but at the time I was the sole customer so that wasn't an issue.  They set me up for a pedicure right away and were all very friendly.  My technician wasn't overly chatty, but I actually prefer that.  She listened to my requests and was friendly nonetheless.  Throughout my visit, even though I was the only customer, the other employees were respectful and quiet.   The pedicure itself was good.  The technician was very careful in her work and gave a very nice massage.  The only part I was less than impressed with was the heel scrub.  Very little time was spent on that part of the process, and I could see/feel the roughness of my heels later that day.  I usually really like that part of pedicures, as I spend a good deal of my time on my feet and they tend to get rough quickly.  The rest of the pedicure was great, including a nice little bonus shoulder and back massage while my toes dried.  The only other (very small) thing was that they have a cash-only policy for tips, which I did not know about beforehand.  I usually don't carry cash, but happened to have enough to cover the tip this time.   Overall, it was a good experience and I will likely be back.
Where do I start?  WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD!!! I had reservations for my husband's bday last night for our party of 25  and it was a complete disappointment. More than half of our party was missing orders. The servers had no system in place so they had no idea what order went with who. It took my dad THIRTY MINUTES to get one beer after having to ask repeatedly. The Caucasian waitress was miserable and she let it show. I don't think we saw a smile on her face even once. Our friend ordered all you can eat, waited an HOUR for his first order ( small ) then waited over another hour to get his second order. He was literally eating while we were all leaving. They didn't have two of my rolls that I ordered until I was literally leaving and then they had the nerve to ask me if I wanted them to pack it for me because it was already made. I said I wasn't paying for them and didn't want them. My husband, the birthday boy, waited over an hour for his sushi. The manager did nothing to make things right except walk around sulking. While we were there we overheard another customer who was angry and disappointed in the horrible service. They even had the nerve to charge outrageous gratuity to top it off! I don't think I will ever go back. I would have much rather had them deny the reservation if they couldn't handle it rather than agree and offer such horrible service.
This last class even better than the first I attended.  Despite the capacity crowd jj  and her assistants her mom and sister   Did a fabulous job of making sure everyone had a fun time and successful painting. Door prizes given aways and even karaoke by several exceptional voices . All this and a fundraiser for Bridge animal rescue . I have now done 4 of these and hope to do so much more. I have gone alone and had a very fun time thanks to JJ and her family and I have now had friends join me. I can't wait until the next one.
Coffee oh coffee the sparkle of my eye. As long as it's not Starbucks you'll find me drawn to the, good local roasted coffee and eclectic, cute, rustic red brick and metal buildings like a moth to fire!   What a wonderful quaint place to grab a cappuccino sit and enjoy the morning. I was sad there wasn't any baked goods to much on with my cappuccino but even so it was a wonderful morning to sip on this delicious espresso.   This particular morning they were roasting beans. The burnt unique smell of beans is so alluring to me. It's a cute little place to sit and ponder life or get some work in. It isn't extremely quiet as there is music in the background, the sounds of roasting and the bustle of people coming in to order. But even so if you're lucky to get a seat it's a great place to get some work done.
Sure, the theater is old. Yes, the seats are small with not much legroom. But prices are better and crowds are smaller than at the bigger, corporate theaters.  And in the end, seeing a movie at the Lincoln in Belleville is a fun experience.  My wife and I brought 5 kids to see the Friday night 7PM showing of MI:Fallout this past weekend and for the 7 of us it only set us back $44.  Not too bad for what turned out to be a pretty good movie.   The kids had never been to the Lincoln before and weren't sure what to think when we had to go up a narrow, winding staircase to get to the theaters on the second floor. The quizzical looks on their faces were priceless.
I stopped randomly with 3 friends after the South Street Festival last weekend. Everything about this place is big. The space itself was bigger than I expected and the food portions are insanely big! We ended up getting two sandwiches- the open faced hot brisket and the Lee Avenue (pastrami, turkey, Swiss, cole slaw, Russian dressing). We decided to split to save room to share one of the scrumptious desserts we saw in the case walking in. There was definitely no room for dessert! The sandwiches were huge. Our server told us, and we guessed based on the prices, but the four of us could have probably split a sandwich. The brisket was pretty plain, but I really enjoyed the turkey sandwich. The pastrami was warm, which was a really nice touch. The rye bread on both sandwiches was thick and hearty. Overall it was a pretty average deli experience. They get an extra star because I was so overwhelmingly excited to get a small warm chocolate chip cookie with the check. Bravo, free cookie was the icing on the cake!
Dr. Gonzalez is phenomenal- super personable but gets down to business. I've also seen Lisa Tate who is just fantastic. While the doctors are great, I've been extremely dissatisfied with the office. It seems as thought it is near impossible to get an appointment and the staff makes it seem like they're doing you a favor scheduling you. They drop the ball on follow up. I called two days after I was supposed to hear about an x-Ray only to have the young man on the phone tell me I didn't have an X-ray on file. I asked to leave a message for Dr. Gonzalez and then another woman answered to talk to me about the doctors recommendation. Thank goodness I checked because we were headed into a three day weekend!  I also have an issue with how reluctant they are to write you prescriptions or refills when they're the ones that can't schedule you. There have been multiple times I've gone without a prescription or have had to use the student health center just to get an antibiotic in a decent amount of time.
After a long work week, I decided to try Waxpress & Facial Studio.  I saw a flyer that they were offering a free 10 minute massage or for $35 an hour massage for first time guests.  I called up for an appointment for a massage.  The receptionist asked if it was okay that I had a male massaging me.  I didn't care, so I got an appointment within the hour.  When I came in everyone was so friendly.  They introduced me to my Massage Therapist, Ross. And he was amazing and completely professional.  He warned me before he did anything, but wasn't overly chatty.  I even told him the areas that were sore and he focused on them and now I feel better.  I had really low expectations for a massage this cheap from a Wax place, but it was one of the best I have ever had!  I came in there completely tense and now I feel like Jello.  I usually don't let anyone near my pressure points near my spine, but I was so relaxed I didn't care.   There are also other offers such a free bikini, eyebrow or under arm wax or a  1/2 hour facial for first timers.  There is no reason not to just try this place.   Also, they just started doing manis and pedis here. I would highly recommend this place, just don't take my appointments!  Treat Yo Self, 2014!
Cathy is awesome. She took care of our 2 yorkies for about 2 weeks. Cathy updated us with pictures and videos of our dogs via text messages. Cathy lets the dogs roam around her house and play with other dogs; typically at the other local pet hotels they charge extra for "play time". Also, this was the first time that our 2 yorkies didn't come back home and have diarrhea (other local pet hotels we have used, our 2 yorkies ALWAYS came home and had diarrhea despite giving them our personal dog food and treats).  I recommend Cathy to take care of anyone's pets!
I am glad that the staff at Original Joe's has been trained so well on their Covid guidelines and that they are doing so well that they are able to turn away tables looking to dine.   I came to the restaurant and was told that myself and my 2 friends (all single, all live alone, who each other's cohorts within the guidelines of AHS) were not allowed to sit at the same table. While we were in the entrance 2 of our friends happened to walk in (a couple who live together) and they were told they couldn't sit together. They proposed we all sit at different tables. 5 TABLES! Even though we would only need two within the AHS guidelines.  We were also told that Original Joe's was not willing to risk being fined for having us sitting together (2 separate tables, 3 people and then the couple) and turned us away. It was 9:30 at night we were just looking for a quick bite. Id also like to point out that the restaurants liability is to ask if people are from the same house hold or in the same cohort. After that the fines are given to the customers if they are caught breaking the rules and not the restaurant.   I understand that these are trying times. I won't be bothering to support any more businesses that aren't interested in being supported.
Dear Cookie God,  Thank you for sending Insomnia Cookie to us so that nevermore shall a craving for cookies go unsatisfied. Insomnia cookies achieve cheap prices ($1.35/cookie) for some really wacky and awesome flavors (double chocolate mint chip, I'm looking at you), plus all of the old tried and true cookies. To top it all off, the cookies are WARM when they are handed to you and they will even put them into separate bags so the cookie tastes don't fraternize. The service was also prompt, which meant that I did not have long to wait before I could cram all of that gooey, wonderful cookie in my mouth.  Sincerely,  A Content Cookie Fiend
Not impressed at all.  Waitress seemed scattered, but there was a festival going on in Peddler's Village, so it was very busy.  My husband and I each ordered soup, then I had a sandwich and he had a salad.  My french onion had tons of cheese, a plus, but other than that, pretty lackluster.  My husband had the pumpkin soup - he enjoyed it after adding salt.    On to the rest of the meal - I had a turkey club, which the menu says comes on a homemade roll, no it wasn't.  It was very bland, bacon underdone, no flavor, just bland.  Very very disappointed.  I know Turkey clubs or the "Montague" as they called it, aren't the most flavorful sandwiches, but a fresh tomato, bacon cooked well can make a big difference.  My husband had the apple salad with honey balsamic dressing.  I would have sent it back it was bib lettuce, huge leaves on the plate with couple pieces of apple, "sliced grapes" were whole grapes thrown on the plate.  Honey balsamic was white and VERY runny.  Not sure how you thin out honey to almost water, but they managed to do it.  Lunch was $40 including an unsweetened iced tea and soda.  Little pricey for the food we received.    Also, just a suggestion, I don't want to turn my head during lunch and see my waitress's skin because either her pants didn't fit or shirt was too short.    Love Peddler's Village, but we'll eat somewhere else next time.
I've been to the Mayfield Dinner Theatre several times in the last few years and enjoyed it every time. The theatre space is expansive, and no matter where you sit you've got a good view. I love the round high-backed cushion booths in the mid-section. Every show I've been to has been entertaining and well done. Like most dinner theatre, they focus on Broadway-style performances. Lots of singing and dancing, not much heavy stuff, which is what you want if you're eating and mingling with dinner company. The actors are top-knotch local and Canadian performers, like John Ullyatt and Pamela Gordon. The food here is also exceptional. The spread is massive, and I don't really like buffets, but the variety here is exquisite. Whether you want a pasta, meat & potatoes, seafood or salad night, you've got miles of options to choose from. The trick is not gorging yourself so you don't have indigestion by Act Three. They don't call it Canada's premiere dinner theatre for nothing! But it's not cheap, so unless you're made of moula, save it for a special occasion.
Ever in the mood for affogato? This is the place to go. My friends I stopped here after leaving the bar next door and craving something sweet. To say the least, this shop delivered on that.   The lady and gentleman behind the counter were extremely helpful, polite, patient with us even though we stopped in a mere 10 minutes before closing.   I decided on vanilla gelato and an espresso.. or put together and known as affogato. The hot espresso was the perfect compliment to the gelato. It was the ideal late night snack and I almost felt like I was back in Italy during my college days.   I'll definitely be back to try something new here next time I'm in the area.
This place is highly overrated. The food's pretty authentic & good, but def not worth 4 1/2 stars.  For $7sh you can get 3 entrees (2 meat & 1 veggie) that comes with rice. The food's already pre-made, all sitting in these heated pans so you can pick & choose what you want.  Even though they seem to be sitting out there for awhile, they seem decently fresh, even the fried stuff.  I got Beef Rendang & Gulai for my meat entrees. They're pretty good, especially the Rendang. For my veggie entree, i got Bakwan. It's not bad & pretty fresh for a fried food.  Lamb Satay & Chicken Satay ($8) - The satays're pretty good. It's a tad bit sweet, but I'd get them again. For additional $2, you can get some Lontong (rice cake) to go with the satay.  Es Teler - Horrible, way too sweet & the fruits they use are prob canned fruits. It's not supposed to taste like this at all.  Overall: This place's hidden & looks like it's gonna collapse any minute lol... Parking's extremely hard to find because the neighborhood's very narrow. Even though they're 1 of the better Indonesian restaurants I've had in the US, I still think they're overrated. Being an Indonesian myself, I haven't found a single good Indonesian restaurant in the US yet, which's a shame. I wouldn't mind coming here if I live closeby, however I would never drive 3 1/2 hours to eat here again.     **3 1/2 stars overall**
Looking for a random dinner spot and came across Railroad and can say I am glad we did! When it came to the service it was EXCELLENT! Our waiter was on top of everything and was very friendly, best service in a while in general.   The food... -We had gotten the cheese fries which come with liquid cheese, so for me, not a good thing. Being a cheese place I expected real cheese on to. At least next time I know to request this which will make the whole app better. - I had gotten the mac n cheese grilled cheese. YUM! I am a fan of cheese and this definitely had enough in it, plus the mac n cheese on its own I could have eaten a bowl of. This also came with homemade chips, which for me needed some kind of seasoning.  Overall I am very happy with this restaurant and would go back the next time I am around this area.
I called Ignacio this morning to haul away some last minute junk in front of our home before we list it for sale.  He called me back quickly and was willing to do the job in the very short time frame I requested.  We also came to an agreed upon rate that was fair for both of us given the situation.  Not only did Ignacio come within the time frame given, he was very friendly and helpful.  He offered up his services for other household stuff and I told him I needed his help with a chirping smoke detector.  He was able to immediately identify the issue (which was not actually the smoke detector) and saved us a lot of money.  Without charging us extra.  He was unbelievably professional and nice.  I'd hire him again in a heartbeat.
I have 14 rental properties. I saw Russell's add on his truck. He has done 5 or 6 jobs for me in the last couple months. I spilled a drink on my mattress, and called him. When finished he was agitated, said he was in a hurry and had to go. The next day, I turned on my TV on my dresser, at the foot of the bed. It looked like it was smashed with a hammer. I could see, he got it 6 times with his metal cleaning wand. I text him with pictures, spoke to him on the phone about it. It was a Visio 43 inch smart TV. I found one at Best Buy for $238. He won't answer my texts, or call me back for my $238 for the last week. This guy is scum. I am in business and live up to my mistakes. Don't use this A-Hole! Call any carpet cleaner but this one.
Centurylink- If I could leave a negative star rating then my rating would be a -5 star. Signed up with centurylink to have internet connected on the 18th, technician came out and no word, had to call service tech support to find out why? a good half an hour, finds out the technician couldn't finish the job due to not having the right tools/equipment, ok somewhat understanding? 19th technician comes out, made it to my front yard, couldn't find the cable, so reschedule for the 20t, 20th, technician finds the line, has a cut in it, fixes the line, now another tech needs to come out and finish. 21st goes by no word, 22nd goes by no word, 23rd ok it's Sunday I'll give that one. Now Monday the 24th no word, it is now the 25th I'm a little irritated, call centurylink main since here in Boise Idaho and Meridian Idaho # will not help. 20 min later get on the phone, except I have to call another #, ok 30 min finally connected, at this point I'm done I want to cancel, was given another # to call oh guess what she gave me the wrong #!!!!! Please do not waist ur time, not locally friendly to customers/needs, good luck on getting answers. Better off with Cableone or Dish.  It is now Jun 3rd, nothing, still can't give me an answer.  Have to stop for food and supply, update soon.  June 9th, and still nothing, I have now cancelled with centurylink, don't want this service.
I love the interior decor of this place, which is fairly intimate, even when bustling. The metallic fish room dividers are particularly cool, and the lighting is dramatic yet subdued.  There's an extensive list of wines by the glass, mostly white. We grazed our way through six different appetizers and two entrees. The appetizers where the standouts, particularly the tuna crudo, tuna tacos, and shrimp remoulade. Cobia crudo was also good, but needed a bit more citrus drizzle.  Parmesan crusted sheepshead (the fish, not the ovine kind) was an interesting and unconventional offering.  Service was quick and helpful.
I can't find the S. Paolo Verde location, so I will post on this one... I was in a car accident and my insurance company set me up with Enterprise.... unfortunately! I had the car for about 3 weeks while my truck was being fixed. I work with horses & off a dirt road. So I had the car cleaned before I took it back, thinking that way they couldn't say the little lines all over it were scratches, not just dust, and if the interior got dirty, it would only be the floorboards from my boots. Two weeks later and my deposit is still not refunded. I go to the location, and started to speak with the man at the desk who, from the moment I walked in, was rude as hell. He proceeded to tell me there was pet hair "all over" the inside of the vehicle and they had to get their specialist / specific vacuum to clean it. Bullshit! I did NOT even have an animal in that car! And there certainly was not enough horse hair on my clothes to transfer to the ENTIRE VEHICLE nor can I believe a special vacuum was needed! More like the horribly overweight man with an attitude saw a little bit of dirt and said "OH I'm NOT vacuuming a car in this heat!" And charged my account FOURTY-FIVE DOLLARS for a "special vacuuming". Seriously? Needless to say, I have disputed the charge with my bank, will NEVER use enterprise again, and will steer as many as possible away from using this location with the rude & lazy fat man!
When I had no insurance, Mazzoni was wonderful. When I became insured under Obamacare, my co-payments for regular office visits went from $20 to $125 per visit. Since I was earning less than $1000 a month, and now had insurance premiumes to pay, this was totally unaffordable. I was desperate for help.The financal office was rude and unhelpful.I called set up a  meeting with someone to discuss payment options, but no one returned calls. The curt advice from the financial office was for me to drop my insurance. I needed to undergo heart surgery at the time so this was NOT an option. To sum up, Mazzoni is great if you are uninsured, or if you have full insurance. If you are are under-insured, as I know many are and you fall between the cracks, they simply let you fall and shrug it off. After being insulted and treated without any compassion at all, I have not been back in nearly three years. It's a shame, because their medical staff is wonderful.
I read all of the rave reviews here on yelp and was expecting to be fully blown away. It was a lovely spot for brunch but nothing spectacular and certainly not one of my top places.   The food was good. I did the brunch two dishes and pastry basket, which was a good deal. I had the pumpkin granola for my first course. I'm a HUGE fan of granola and yogurt and well, this fell flat. The thick layer of pumpkin sugar like substance dividing the yogurt and granola was odd and I didn't enjoy it, but it was impossible to eat without that odd layer in the middle. If I were to order the first course again I would go with the Italian soup. I tasted it and was jealous that I had not chosen that option.   However, the pasty basket was awesome! Beignets, croissants, and moist cake were all served with a delightful berry simple syrup. Also, the baked eggs were tres bien! Of all the things at the table, the baked eggs were a huge hit and perfectly delectable. The sample of French toast I had was very fluffy and tasty as well.   Finally one of the main reasons for dropping the star count down was the restaurant was insanely loud. I had a hard time hearing across the table and making sure everyone at the table could hear me. Not an ideal spot if you want a romantic brunch. However, maybe sitting outside will land you better luck with that!
I went there specifically to buy a Betsey Johnson watch.  I had seen them the day before Valentine's Day and figured they would be on sale the loving day.  They weren't.  That was okay because I liked them so much that I still was going to get one.  I had to go find a sales person.  I pointed out the watch I wanted to look at and she took it out for me.  When I went to take it out of the box, I was informed that they don't do it unless you purchase it. So I have to buy this watch and hope it looks good on my wrist.  And then if it doesn't, I have to return it.    Would I come back here?  Yes, I think Friday I'm going to go back and have her take out at least the five watches that I was interested in looking at.  I really love Betsey Johnson jewelry and I will not let this stop me from getting one.  On the other hand, maybe I'll go to Macy's.
I've pretty much have gone to every comic shop in the Philly area- for my money this is the best. They offer a 20% subscriber service and are actually serious about back issues. Crazy right- a comic store that sells comics.  I know, I know- they have Manga, games and a ton of clothing, swords and other stuff a purist comic guy like me sees no value in but they try to make everyone happy. If you ask the mgr. Ray or asst mgr Randy for something I guarantee you they will try to answer or get what you want.  About that subscriber service-it's like getting free comics each week....add it up and see how much you save...it applies to everything in store.
This is by far the best Thai food I've ever had. I didn't even eat Thai until I had the opportunity to bless one of the seats at the bar so long ago. After that I was hooked!  The Northern Thai Curry Noodles with coconut milk is a must. It's their top seller and worth a try, especially on a rainy or cold day.   My hubs tried the lettuce wraps and they're pretty plain. However, you can add the side of spices they have out on the counter to give it some kick.   They have a great selection of beer and wine. Sadly during COVID you have to sit outside. During the winter is hard to do. I do miss sitting at the counter watching them magically cook and seeing all the dishes come out. It will happen again.   The Spring rolls are light and super fresh. It comes with a spicy dipping sauce.   I crave this place but miss being able to sit at their bar and watch them cook. Hopefully, we will be able to do that soon.
Driving up to the place I didn't know what to expect. It's on a small building next to a mini-mart and a dollar general, and you're greeted by a sign saying no public restrooms...but do not let any of that stop you from experiencing some of the best street tacos in Nashville. The atmosphere inside is hip and surprisingly nice and the food is easily 10 out of 10!!! I amba huge fan of tacos al pastor, and Dos Carnales has the best I've ever had. The price point is also great. Great food that won't break the bank. The service is also amazing. They just gained some regulars for sure.
Came here while visiting from out of town, maybe this place is good enough for Reno, but my fellow Yelpers who are used to good asian food, just lower your expectations if you come here. The food was blend and my noodles were overcooked.  Would give them a 3 star, but they're charging more for dishes that includes meat due to covid. This is fine if I was made aware ahead of time. I used their digital menu, it really shouldn't be that hard to update their digital menu. On top of raising prices due to covid, there's also a line item for additional covid charge.
Update: this was one of the first reviews that I wrote on yelp about and TO THIS DAY, best fried rice you can ever eat in your life!   I've been going here for around 4 years now and this place will always satisfy me!  The fried rice is TO DIE FOR!  Get extra fried rice sauce, cause it's that "special sauce" that makes the food!  Also I'm not much of a wing fan in general, but I LOVE THESE WINGS!!!!  I hate local places like Wing Stop and Buffalo Wild Wings cause I feel the quality of wings there is just normal....quantity over quality.  However, at Wings and Rice, it's both quantity AND quality!  Definitely don't know what else there is on the menu, but why would anyone get anything else when the darn place is called "Wings & Rice"!    The people who write bad reviews about this place mostly complain that their wives and stuff didn't like it.....and I'm assuming their wives are either vegetarian, or tried to get something healthy there!  lol  Tips: 1) the best wing flavors are: spicy teriyaki, spicy orange, spicy garlic Parmesan, and Spicy honey bbq. I guess I like "Spicy" 2) ask for another side of ranch for your wings if you want 3) ASK FOR MORE fried rice sauce!!!! It's heaven in a cup  4) the owner and cook is named Ken, he's soooo cool! Say hi to him, tell him I said hi!!!!
We took some fellow full-time RVers after church service, and it was a 45 minute wait in line but it moved pretty quickly. Great atmosphere and friendly people. Food was okay, but I've just learned that I'm not a fan of smoked bbq. Ordered the brisket sandwich and had a 6-pack choice of sauces to use, but it did not quite satisfy my taste buds. I can say I tried it because many others 'rave' at how great it is, but I was not too impressed. A bit spendy, too. I would recommend them, but only if you like "smoked" meat.
Food was excellent worth five stars.  If we weren't missing the sauce we asked for or the black beans documented in the receipt when we got home. Really? In the after times drive thru has to be perfect or the restaurant is useless. What should we have done? Block traffic and check every aspect of the order right there?!  No way to fix this once we got home! Customer service is a Boo! One star! This was a treat after recovery from wisdom tooth surgery for my daughter. Ruined. Thanks kids at the restaurant who didn't care about us. Get a better manger.
After suffering a miscarriage last June, I was done with IVF. Then my hubby convinced me to try one more time so I gave RMA a try. My main RE was Dr. Guttman. I also saw Dr. Freedman, Dr. Gocial, Dr. Kallen, and Dr. Schlaff. They were wonderful and treated me with respect, while being honest. According to statistics, at 35 with poor ovarian reserve, I had a low chance of conceiving, but I did with God's and all the Doctors' help. I only ended up with 4 embryos and transferred 2, one of which wasn't close to being a blastocyst. I wanted to transfer 3 but Dr. Freedman wasn't having that so I prayed my 2 would stick, since my other 2 didn't make it to the freezer.  I thank my doctors, the nurses, the receptionist and all the administrative staff at the Center City and King of Prussia office for the pleasant experience.
I would have gladly given this establishment 5 stars if the staff had been friendlier. The food was indeed excellent. I read the reviews before I went, and decided to go anyway. The other reviewers are spot on. The atmosphere was inviting. But the girls working looked over worked and under paid. They seemed absolutely miserable to be there. Not one smile was cracked no matter how many "Thank You's" I gave them. No hello. No "thanks for coming." Nothing. Very disappointing. If you're looking for great Italian panini's, soups and salads without so much as a smile from the wait staff, then this is your place. I'll be back. But I'll probably just order to-go.
I've been on this kick to buying mid-century furniture from thrift stores that have seen their day for practically pennies on the dollar, and when it comes to brining these great finds back to life, that is re-upholstered - you just can't overlook King's Upholstery Emporium!  Jessie, the owner and an old world craftsman, is a master of the trade. His talent is amazing and I've been so impressed at the quality of his work - it's truly remarkable!  Also, don't be concerned about fabric selection because King's has books and books and more books of fabric swatches to choose from and I had such a hard time time trying to pick just one.   Why spend upwards of $1,000 to by new at stores like: Crate & Barrel, Pottery Barn, West Elm and the likes? Go on a treasure hunt at the thrift stores around town, find a piece with great bones and bring it to Jessie. After some magic, you truly won't believe your eyes!
Horrible customer service. We bought a small travel trailer at the Tampa super show and was promised it would be ready on following Tuesday.  Drove 40 minutes to pick it up and it wasn't ready. They didn't bother to call us. Promised it for two days later. Drove another 40 minutes and they had ordered a wrong part for part of our braking control install. Next they promised to deliver the trailer to us today (Monday ) by 9am. It is almost 10am. And found out by US calling THEM that they are just now leaving their site.  Unprofessional!  They have our money so I guess we are now not a priority. Would give 0 stars if I could.
Was visiting Nashville and happened upon Drifter's by accident in my search for BBQ after a much closer restaurant was out of chicken, ribs and practically everything else but the BBQ sauce. However, Drifters was the most pleasant surprise in a visit filled with great meals!  Drifters looks like both a dive bar and a down home restaurant at the same time, and as out of towners we appreciated the comfortable, informal environment. The staff were welcoming and friendly and very attentive. Leah our server was great and by the time we left we were hugging the Manager goodbye - it wAs that kind of place! In terms of the food, it was nothing short of spectacular. We had the half baby back ribs dinner and a pulled chicken salad and both were great. The ribs were perfectly cooked and the meat fell off the bone. Drifters has a BBQ sauce bar so you can choose your preference for your ribs - I liked the Smoke Fire best, which was a Texas style sauce with some chipotle kick to it! Also had the tots, the baked beans and the cole slaw, all of which were superb. I did leave there a little disappointed, but only because I don't live nearby and can't come back any time soon. However, I am definitely going to tell all my Nashville friends about it, and look forward to visiting on my next trip!!!
I went for the second time this past weekend after having healed from my tonsillectomy. I was still nervous to eat as my throat reacts a certain way to temperature and spices. My waiter JD and assistant Sweet Potato were awesome with reassuring  me that the delicious bisque was not spicy, as most places make it. I usually opt for the ribeye but needed to get the petit filet as it is softer. It was cooked to perfection. Sweet Potato joked with us during our meal, hints how we learned her name. We were also celebrating my grandmother's birthday and they provided a complimentary red velvet brownie. That is actually her favorite so they guessed spot on. I usually do not like red velvet but the brownie was so moist and warm. Definitely  will order on my next visit! And more than likely will request to sit with JD for a third time.
My husband and I ordered Black Olive for dinner via delivery, and half of our order was left out. When the delivery service called the restaurant to ask if half the order was left there, they couldn't be bothered checking. The delivery service then re-initiated a delivery of the missing entree only to then be cancelled by the restaurant which was too busy to make right on the order that was messed up. On top of that, I half of the chicken kabobs pieces in my order were fatty and I could not even eat them. This was our first and last time ordering from this restaurant.
I've always wanted to go to Indiana Medical History Museum, and today I went with my Meetup group. It's located not too far from Haughville, Speedway, or Eskenazi Health Hospital. Parking is free, easy to park at the location. Although, it's located in the Haughville area off of Vermont Street it's easy to past up. The heart of the museum is the Old Pathology Building, the oldest surviving pathology facility in the nation. The Building is on the National Register of Historic Places. The Indiana Medical History Museum is on the grounds where the former Central State Hospital used to be, and was built on 1896 closed late 1960s. I was informed doing my visit that most patients stayed at the hospital 40 to 50yrs, a lot of testing on patients, seeing what diseases he\she died from, real life brains of the patients that had health issues along with a brief history on them. There so much history at the Indiana Medical Museum, Central State Hospital used to house mentally ill patients there, and I believe the original owner of the over 100 acres name was Sarah & her husband who sold their farmland to the state of Indiana. The state of Indiana then turned it into Central State Hospital. There's also an old power plant that has been in the area since 1886. My tour guide name was Greg he's a volunteer there that used to work in the medical field. In my opinion everyone should could come to visit whether you're in the medical field, or not. I love history, researching the information I've learn to learn more. I highly recommend everyone to check it out. Great Indiana medical history.
had a mixed experience.  The restaurant is in a cool location in German town. We sat in the room with the kitchen, and it was way way way too loud to enjoy dinner. It has to do with the room itself being so large which the restaurant could fix if they had some sort of sound dampening material on the walls. We ordered the Salami plate as an appetizer. While it was tasty, I must say I was disappointed in the serving size. it was basically pepperoni slices with some cheese crumbles on top.  I know salami itself is expensive, but for $11 I expected more.  My dinner partner ordered the Fettuccine with catfish, and mint salsa Verde, and I ordered the pig belly pizza.  We waited quite a while for our food to come out, and the restaurant itself was basically cleared out after our appetizer, so service wasn't that quick.  The food itself : My girlfriend absolutely did not enjoy her pasta. I must agree, the flavors did not go well together at all. However, the pizza was excellent. The crust was thin, the cheese was freshly made, and it came out piping hot (which may explain why we waited so long). In conclusion, If I am to return to the city house, I will only order pizza. I would probably not return again to sit and have dinner. Only take out.
HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE experience...should had read reviews before taking our Chey Uplander in for service.  I dropped my wife's car off over a week ago for engine light coming on.  To this day the light is still coming on.  Carried car back on yesterday (Nov. 13th) for them to check to see why light was still coming on.  waited all day and around 5pm my wife called and a gentleman answered and said that the car needed a tune-up and fuel induction flush.  She told him that she had paper work where this was suppose to have been done 12/29/16.  He asked her to wait so he could research and said he would call her back,  As of today November the 14th he hasn't returned her call.  i have found this dealership to be the WORST in the area, especially the service department.  Customer service never answer the phone.  Never will go there again!!!
Creature Comforts is awesome! As soon as I came in to drop off my fur baby, it was clear to me that the employees at this facility really love animals! My pup didn't seem to feel nervous at all and the ladies who checked him in were so sweet to him right away. When I came to pick him up, it was awesome to hear stories about his stay from the same 2 ladies and how it seems like they genuinely enjoyed having him there. My husky got a bath and brush before pick up and they even washed the things I brought with him! When I left the facility, I brought my pup outside and started patting him down a bit (he's a husky and it's June in Tucson, so he's shedding his winter coat). When the employees noticed this, they came outside with brushes to help me brush him out before we got into my car. Such a nice gesture from them! I will definitely be bringing him back to Creature Comforts because of the care they showed for him!
i won a car that this dealership was selling online and flew into to pay and pick up. turns out that the vehicle was damaged and did not run when it was advertised as flawless. after speaking to a manager i was told that id have to drive to the other location downtown to speak with someone. i was waiting for hours in total. then i was told the car was sold and if i wanted to offer more than the amount that we agreed on. i was out over 1k in travel expenses and just went home. missed a week of work and i cant imagine what others have gone through with these slick people. please do business elsewhere!
Two words - absolutely breathtaking!  Well managed and very clean.  Keep in mind this is a historical hotel so there are creaks and squeaks.  We felt very secure during our stay and found the staff to be very helpful.  Cons: No curtain covering the bathroom window in our particular room made late night trips challenging.  Parking can also be a bit of a challenge. Very narrow gate and all the cars are packed in...makes it difficult if you need to leave and someone is blocking the way. Luckily you can walk almost everywhere because of the fantastic location in the French Quarter!  Being a street over from Bourbon limits most of the rowdy noise, but don't be surprised if a parade goes by at 11pm!  We can't wait to come back!
Tried this place for the first time tonight. I called in a carry out order and my order was ready in 5 min! I ordered the Thai basil fried rice, with veggies instead of meat. It was really good. The whole dish, but especially the veggies, was so fresh and flavorful, and cooked to perfection! I also ordered an appetizer of Vietnamese egg rolls. They were good too. My food was still steaming hot when I got home. This place really pays attention to detail, even the presentation of my carry out order was impressive with ornately placed garnish.  My only complaint is I felt the price was a little high. $20 for an app and fried rice. I'll pay the price for now because this place is new and I want it to succeed, but as it becomes busier, I hope they drop the prices a little.
First, I love Red Robin.  It's my go-to for a burger and a shake.  However, this was the worst experience I've had at a Red Robin, by far. For having about 6 tables in the restaurant, there were dirty tables everywhere and the host took 5 minutes to seat us.  Our server kept talking to other employees WHILE we were ordering.  We literally had to wait to finish ordering for her to finish her conversations.  I was blown away with her lack of attention to our table.  Every time I looked over to the kitchen, I saw people rubbing their faces or handling cash, and then plating food.   Not only did our food come out incomplete, but I was presented with a burger sopping in grease.  I ended up with food poisoning...should have known.  TL;DR: I will not be back.
Ok so went to Giorgio because it bad been on my list for some time. The hostess was not the nicest. She was actually kinda rude. I mean it is a small place, I am checking in for my reservations & she rudely says- could you please wait outside? How on earth can one possibly know that there were 15 people leaving the restaurant & that you don't have anywhere to stand so they can go by??? Minus on BIG star for that.  Now that I have gotten that off my chest- the food.  You get bread & oil at the table while you wait- it was okay.  Had the calamari & it was very tasty. Had the Mussels & the italian sausage overpowers the mild mussels.   Hubby had the fish special- my favorite on his plate were the greens that it was served with. Those were phenomenal. I had the gnocchi. I felt that they were a little dense. I've had gnocchi that are as light as air & these were not light. They have very large servings. It is a BYOB so that is a plus, but it become challenging when the tables are so close together so it leaves little room for anything to carry your ETOH & the tables are so small you don't have the space to place on table.   Glad we went, but not sure if I would make it a point to return on our next trip.
Easter Monday brunch with the girls and we decided to try Roman's.  Arriving at 10AM, the restaurant was just over half full.  The customers were more of the older crowd, either solo diners, or couples.  We were seated in a booth and asked if we wanted coffee as soon as we sat down.  Since we were having breakfast food, I didn't look past the front page.  Inside they have the lunch entrees.  On the first page they had omelettes and breakfast combos.  I decided to have the 2 eggs, choice of meat, breakfast potatoes, and 2 slices of toast for $7.25.  The eggs I had were scrambled but they didn't come out broken up but still decent.  I liked the potatoes as I'm not a fan of shredded hash browns but chunky potatoes with a little bit of crisp.  The 3 sausage links were a little dark and overcooked but glad not too greasy.  I wasn't able to finish my 2 slices of toast with all the food.  Cream and sugar is readily available for your coffee/tea and free refills throughout the meal.  There's also jams and peanut butter for your toast on the table.  Our server brought out syrup with our meal so very efficient.  The service was great and it's a family restaurant in the d cor and friendliness.  Would return and try something else from the menu.  There's also free parking on the adjacent lot.
I had to meet a client here yesterday and I have to say that I do believe some of the best ideas in our society are probably thought of while sitting in a Starbucks.    The atmosphere of mostly all Starbucks' is very chill, relaxed and open to creativity.  This location in Brandon is no different.  The baristas were friendly, and cute I might add :)  My client and I met and discussed business while good Motwon oldies were playing in the background.  This is another thing I love about Starbucks, is their love for the arts and new music and artist promotions.  Working in the entertainment business, I aprreciate the support they give.    This Starbucks is clean and well operated.  Spacious with plenty of seating...even a bar to sit at while the baristas concoct the next delicious caffinated beverage for posibly the next Springsteen or Einstein.  I love that!
It's a great hotel, clean and with good restaurants in and around the resort. The beach is just a few yards away though you do need to cross a small road.   The staff are very friendly and even though one tower is a time share they don't pressure you to attend their seminars. If you visit the concierge you will be told about it though, just FYI.   The pool and hot tub area is beautiful and I'd like to come back when the outdoor bar is open.   Great location for our stay and a short walk to everything! We'll be back!
First try on pickup: placed an order for pizza without cheese.  Showed up, it wasn't ready.  Waited an extra 10 minutes, it had cheese on it.  He said a new one without cheese would be ready in 15 minutes so I went home.  Hard to ask him any questions, he had his headphones in the whole time and constantly was like, what? Or didn't hear me.  Gave benefit of the doubt and came back in 20.  It was ready, but had no cheese and no sauce on it.  He said it wasn't supposed to have sauce (? fine), did I want it?  Um, yes!  He put about 2 tbsp per slice of COLD sauce on it and gave it to me.  Pizza crust itself was a bit burnt, and the toppings were there but kinda sparse.  Wanted to hook up a local biz I hadn't tried before but seriously, do yourself a favor, buy from any of the other 4 pizza places within 2 blocks of here.  They've been here longer anyway. PS- definitely saw him chopping salad without gloves on, ummm, coronavirus?
I was lucky enough to receive one of these fruity bad boys. Well, not me, actually, my roommate, but how much fruit can one person eat, am I right? These things are huge! That means you either need to have a team working to devour it, or you really, really need to love fruit. (Don't worry, the chocolate strawberries were no problem for this girl.)  This "bouquet" was beautifully arranged, just like a typical flowers bouquet. The fruit is all attached on sticks to make it all stand upright. I was really impressed with the presentation and the freshness of the fruit. Next time I need to say "thank you," I think I'll order one of these!
I've never stayed at a hotel in 30 years as spectacular as this one.   It was almost as if I was warped back in time back to the good old days of the 1980's or better yet, early 1990's. Back then, things and life were complimentary, before greed set in and everyone was nickled and dimed.   Several things impressed me about Drury Inn. I would stay here again without even thinking about it. Rooms were clean and big for what I spent for the night. Beds were big and the bathrooms had shampoo dispensers as well.   Most impressive was the complimentary service. Free parking, free breakfast buffet. I don't mean the shit breakfast buffet everyone is used to, with bread, processed juice from 18 years ago, and a glass of water. Waffles, toast, bagels, syrup, cereal, you name it, they had it. Customer service was excellent, helping me to navigate around the city. They were excellent.   One can only wish others followed Drury's lead, but then again, life is just not that simple.
I can't believe we haven't been to this place before! The food is delicious and the ingredients fresh. The place itself feels like a piece of Thailand, beautiful and intricate decorations - not cheesy at all. Service is fast and very friendly.   We had Thai butterfly, cucumber salad, tom kha as appetizers. Especially the cucumber salad was outstanding, I would come back just for that.  Chicken pad Thai and drunken noodles as entrees...the pad Thai was a bit boring (add some chili flakes and additional peanuts to it), but the drunken noodles delicious.   I definitely recommend this place and can't wait to go back to try the curries!  ..... Updated review: the curries are now my favorite. Chu Chee curry mmhhhh, spicy and delicious!
So, this was a bummer of an experience. I purposefully did not buy my batteries from amazon because my wife suggested we buy local. The pandemic and all. So I went to the store expecting to pay a little more $2-5. What I found was there prices were $10 to $12 more on non name brand batteries. ??   I was a little shocked and asked and I was told they don't even try to compete. Okay you don't try but why should I drive to your shop? The service isn't something out of the ordinary. My schedule is such that your store hours don't help me. So, why should I buy from you?   The answer is I shouldn't. This stores only purpose is for very specialized items, or emergencies only. Though I doubt emergencies will be much better because stock didn't look very abundant.  I'll buy local but they need to meet me halfway with some kind of benefit I can lie to myself and say it's worth while.
I went to the Knitting Factory for the first and last time on Saturday 11/5/16. I was there to see Aaron Lewis and it was sold out so they took all the tables out and it was standing room only for general admissions which meant you are standing in a very small area for at least 3+ hours. The first act came on stage right at 8oopm and played for 45 minutes then we waited another 45 minutes and the main act still hadn't came on yet. People were getting more and more intoxicated while waiting and started to push and shove trying to get closer to the upper rail. I can't even count how many times I got an elbow to the back or was tried to be pushed out of my spot that I had been in since 7pm when doors opened. I had 2 drinks spilled down the back of me and speaking with security they didn't do a thing. We ended up leaving before the main act even took the stage. There was a lot of others that left there that night for the same reason. I was so disappointed meaning this was a gift for my boyfriend and we could stay to see the show do to others behaviors that wasn't being corrected by the staff.  It's a shame but I will never go back there for another show!!!!
The beer can't be beat.  As longtime fans of Tired Hands brewing, we've been to Fermenteria a plethora of times, and now that the weather is warming up we can't wait to continue to frequent this place. We've never been disappointed with a beer off the menu, which lends us an unfounded comfort and eagerness in choosing anything off of the list. Truly a phenomenal beer list.  The food menu is interesting, some might say curious. The food is good enough to speak for itself, particularly the fish tacos, which we have never not ordered. The service is consistently pretty good to great.  It can get crowded during certain times of the day/week, but they have pretty ample seating and a cute little outside area with 3 tables. Unfortunately, you can only get their beer in their growlers if you want to take it home, and the canned beer sells out super fast, as in a matter of hours that day. Because it's that good.
Jim Monaghan, who founded Molly's at the Market at the other end of the French Quarter, also founded this bar.  I began hanging out here in the early nineties, when the name of the place was Nugent's because Eileen Nugent ran the place for Monaghan, but that was before Harrah's and the Saints began corrupting the Quarter toward common crap.  A few months ago, a barmaid there said to me that anyone would be a fool not to sell out the Quarter's historic heritage, for money from sports fans.  The staff and the regulars, with the two televisions there now, are too far into that commercialism for me.  So I don't go there much anymore.
it's a hug mall....not the largest in the world but quite impressive regardless.   they have water parks, theme parks, tattoo parlors, a hotel, an ice rink.... and shops, more shops...and still more shops. they even have seals and stuff....mother f'n seals.  I know...go figure?!?!  I enjoyed the lazy inner tube ride in the water park. Nothing like chillin in an inner tube in the dead of winter hearing people saying "ah boot."   hahahahaha  ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ah boot ;D
My previous Mellow Mushroom review was for the Metairie location. This one is based on two visits to the Oak St. location.   Both visits had their good points. On visit #1, I had the Holy Shiitake pizza, which is always a favorite. The service was excellent and they were so nice about providing plates to enjoy a birthday cake that we brought.  On visit #2, we were seated upstairs in a really cool room with artwork of Ouija boards, Tarot Cards, and a Wheel of Fortune. There was only one waitress serving our large party plus another large party. It was a tough job and we had to make second requests for a few things, but she was a very hard worker and we all got what we needed in the end.   I tried the potato pizza, which is a neat idea but the potatoes were kind of bland. Would be interesting if they used potatoes boiled in crab boil.  I also tried some of a friend's Mighty Meaty pizza, which was so good, I had to take home a leftover piece and eat it for lunch the next day. Definitely will order that kind next time.  I am not really a big fan of their dough-y crusts. Would prefer to have the option for a thin crust. I didn't see it on the menu and I always forget to ask.  In my opinion, even though it is a chain, Mellow Mushroom is one of the top contenders in the local pizza scene.
Customer service was non-existent.  Thought the person taking my order didn't get the order right, so I repeated it to her.  When I picked up the order, there was only one burger instead of two.  The person handing it to me said "that's all you ordered".  I let them know I had repeated the order twice. The person that took the order said it was no big deal. I told her that  the food was now getting cold while I had to wait for another burger to cook.  Got in the car and thought I'd have a fry. Guess they thought it would be easier to cook all of the fries for the day when they first opened.    Got home and didn't have the correct burger I had ordered.   Soooo, we won't be returning to this establishment.
A stones throw off the Monon Trail within the proximity of Main St., Bub's Cafe is the perfect spot to tie up the bikes and pull up to a table of homemade goodness.   Breakfast stems from eggs Benedict, quiche, giant pancakes with churned butter, smoky thick bacon, and unbelievable biscuits and gravy (both sausage or elk). And their famous donuts in three ooey gooey flavors. Or choose from their lunch menu including special soups and sandwiches made from freshly baked bread from the local bakery. Thirsty after the long bike ride? Sit back on their patio sipping on a mimosa or cold ale. And, don't forget to join their loyalty program.  My one beef is the price of one pancake: $6.50. Seriously? I didn't see a kids size pancake on the menu to suit the little guys appetite. Consider splitting an order if you're feeding young ones. The hot cake is huge.   Looking forward to stopping in again for a coffee to catch the sunrise. One of my favorites.
Silvergreens is a good place to eat. I really enjoy their chicken tortilla soup, sandwiches, and their breakfast. California scramble comes with a large amount of avocado and is super tasty. Glad they made breakfast available throughout the week.   This is probably my second favorite place in IV (after Bagel Caf!), but I still recognize that it's horribly over-priced. I don't think half a (non-premium) sandwich, cup of soup, and a drink should be $12. It's good, but it's not South Coast Deli good.   I'd come more often if it were more affordable, but as it is I still probably go a couple times a month.
I've been here twice for Restaurant Week and each time was outstanding. In fact, my food was so good the first time I order the same appetizer and main course when I went back.   My appetizer, the Oeuf du P cheur (Fisherman's Egg), had a delicious tarragon cream sauce, and way more mussels than I was expecting. My main course, the Lapin R ti   la Moutarde (Roasted Rabbit with Mustard), was amazing. Tender rabbit, handmade tagliatelle, and a divine mustard sauce.   My tastes of the Flammekeuche and roasted duck entree were also delicious. The desserts were not quite as amazing as I was hoping they would be (this time I tried the Mille Feuille and chocolate mouse cake), but they were still very good.   Bistrot la Minette's ambiance is also spot on. It's chic and French without being stuffy or pretentious. Basically, I can't wait to go back.
I love this place. Service is fast and friendly. The food is the best Chinese in philly. What more needs to be said?  I always get the steamed shrimp dumplings. They are EVERYTHING. I mean so good they would be part of my last supper, haha! The duck items are also great. On a winter day nothing beats the big bowl wonton noodle soup. The broth is delicious   Ambiance is casual and can be loud at times. It's a great restaurant for groups as you can share everything and try multiple dishes.   I've been coming here for 20+ years and it has never disappointed. Definitely stop by for a super tasty, authentic, China town meal!
Newspapers are a dying breed, and I genuinely wonder if we'll have printed papers or magazines in ten years. The Indy Star content has slimmed down over the years, but the same could be said of any publication - most are now turning to all digital content.  I love the Indy Star for its incredibly talented writers. Matthew Tully tugs at the heart strings with his in-depth feature articles on social issues. David Woods and Zak Keefer keep me in the loop on sporting news (follow them on Twitter). Since Bob Kravitz moved on to WTHR, Gregg Doyel has done a great job covering the Colts (read his article about Peyton Manning's impact on Indy beyond football). Foodies can check out Liz Biro for the hot new business openings around town, or Amy Haneline for drink recommendations. Can't forget Leslie Bailey and her adventures!  My bone to pick is the pesky "this is your last article!" notifications - most times, I have to answer survey questions to access content or I'm denied altogether because I've reached my final article...though that doesn't seem to last longer than a day.
I'm going to echo the sentiments of many of those that have reviewed Monsoon's Tap and Grill.  Great service, very good beer selection, but the place could use some additional decor. It's just way too open and cafeteria-like.  They were able to put on the hockey game that we requested in short order, so again, good service in that respect as well.  I tend to eat fairly healthy, and I'm a vegetarian.  When looking at the menu, there wasn't a lot that a person could choose from that was gluten-free and vegetarian.  That being said, I had the fried zucchini that was absolutely delicious, but again, not something that I would have normally ordered.    I also ordered their house salad and thought it was a little overpriced at $8, given the size.  The server told us that they make their own ranch and blue cheese dressing, and the latter was totally yummy!  Seeing that I really wanted to like this restaurant, as I live in the area, I was mildly disappointed, but I will certainly go back.  Like Noble Hops in Oro Valley, their bar is inside/outside, which is really nice.  Pros: Great service, good location Cons: The interior looks too "open," not too many healthy options for food (even though I like to drink calorie-laden beer)  :)  I'll be back. :)
So, yesterday(2-3) afternoon I enjoyed the last day of Devour Indy by going to a new restaurant. Which I had a lot of food from the appetizer, two meat platters, two sides, and dessert. For my appetizer I chose to get the 5 wings with ranch dressing, and for my entree I had a pulled pork sandwich, and half rack of ribs with double fries. The pulled pork meat was very delicious, & tender without sauce, and the ribs sauce which I had original sauce on it was a bit hot for my tongue unfortunately. The ribs were a little too dry, and not as tender as I hoped for. The restaurant is fairly new, great adult atmosphere, and great vibes from the staff. I highly recommend the pulled pork sandwich, or try something else on their menu.
Well- This was a very good meal!!!  I dined on Tsingtao Beer, Vietnamese Spring Roll and Szechuan Beef. The Cooks skills were very very good- veggies in the Szechuan Beef were cut perfectly along with the Beef- Just like I remember from Szechuan Province China.  The plate was beautiful, the flavor was very good -I even asked for a little extra chili.  The Vietnamese spring roll could have used a little more pepper in the pork mixture and it should have been served with lettuce ( to make it  official).  It was otherwise very good and presented beautifully.  Service was fantastic!  Thank you guys!!  i enjoyed myself very much.  The restaurant was clean, the interior was very tastefully done, music was nice.  Price was good for the portion that you get.  They did a lot of take out business while I was there.    Overall - Can't wait to come back!
Had a large group after a family event and they really tried to look after us. The servers while a little over whelmed by the group really did a nice job. Food was nice, hot wings were actually hot, sweet potato fries are tasty and the calamari is a really good size portion. Nachos are a good share size or as a main to big for an app. Pizzas are good given that its a bar and not a pizza shop, steak sandwiches were a little bit of a let down given that it is the Philly area but I'm from DC what do I know :)  Would go again if in the area.
Congrats to a new food location in the City Market! I visited Poke Guru for the first time today and loved it. I was looking forward to a fresh and light lunch, that is exactly what they served up! I went ahead with the base of greens instead of rice and topped it with tuna and vegetables. The peanut sauce gave the bowl an incredible addicting flavor! I ordered the standard size bowl, which was the perfect size for my midday lunch. I would go with the larger bowl if you're looking to fill up until dinner.   I was also a huge fan of their drink selection! I enjoyed a delicious Spindrift with my lunch bowl.   They are located on the second floor. If you enter the doors on Market Street, you'll take the first set of stairs you see to the second floor. Another helpful note would be they are located just above Three Carrots!
Just moved to the area and was recommended this place by a coworker. Made an appointment a little over three weeks ago. Showed up for my appointment and the front desk was appallingly rude. The one girl was taking about inappropriately about another women. They didn't even welcome me in or say hello for 5 minutes.  Very unprofessional. Finally after hearing the front girl talk about "this girl being a bitch" mind you for 5 minutes I finally got up and walked out. Will not be returning. Cannot comment on the service past the front desk but first impressions are important.
I can't preach enough about how much I love Dr. Badie's office. The girls are so sweet and Dr. Badie is very thorough. I generally hate dentists and had not gone in a few years when I first made an appointment here. Perla and Susie at the front desk were very sweet and knew who I was before I had to tell them. Monica showed me around the office which I have never seen done before but it brought comfort to me. She and Dr. Badie also explained everything they were doing before they began doing it. Bernie cleaned my teeth and also explained the process. I've never had anyone tell me what was going on before! I have TMJ and Dr. Badie was very attentive in my follow up appointment. I sat in the chair for three hours because he was trying to figure out what was going on - he even identified a separate issue that was brought up but ignored by my former dentist 14 years ago. Dr. Badie pulled some strings with an endodontist and got me in the SAME day for a root canal, and he saved my tooth! I have lived in Tucson for 15 years and have not found good dental care since I've moved from California. Dr. Badie is the first dentist I have had to give me hope in good dental care in Tucson! He truly cares about his patients.
Correction: this review was for the Cochon restaurant, not Butcher. Oops. Read on anyway, you'll probably want to go to both.   I'd give six stars if I could. I went here based on Yelp reviews. I was by myself but ate at the food bar, which felt like the best seat in the house. I was mesmerized by the open kitchen. I was facing the wood burning oven--the heart of the action. I had a perfect view of the food prep, which was sheer poetry. It's remarkable how something can be simultaneously frenzied and calming. The clich  "well oiled machine" comes to mind. I felt like I should be paying extra just to watch.   And then there's the food...I had the short rib with horseradish potato salad ($27 I think)--a perfect pairing. The kitchen sent me a complimentary plate of head cheese with crostini, Dijon mustard and thin pickle slices. My first reaction was, "wow! how nice!" My second reaction was "crap. Now I have to eat it. I'm not much of a head cheese fan." Or wasn't until now. Now I am confident that I would love anything on the menu. And after watching just about everything on the menu being prepared, I think the oysters look great, the rabbit as well, and of course, the mac and cheese. The fish wouldn't be at the top of my list, although I'm sure it's good. I was too full to try dessert.
Amazing barbacoa sandwich! It was a daily special which I am so so glad that I got to try. My friend's pork shoulder daily special sandwich was also super good but mine was definitely my favorite. There was a long line at lunch so watch out for the rush. The service is friendly despite the mobs of people. A table slowly opened up for us and we were able to find a spot inside with A/C on that hot humid afternoon. The cocktail and wine were both super tastey. I wish I could come here every day for at the minimum these drinks -- good food is a huge plus, too!   They allow more drink orders at the table and even let us pay for a souvenir without re-lining up which was great. They clear the tables very quickly with efficient and attentive service.  Yum -- loved the fresh and tastey sandwiches here so much and I'm normally not a big sandwich person unless it's a banh mi. One of my fave meals that I will be recommending to others.
Went there for lunch on Saturday.  We waited for 15 minutes before they got us a table for two. Their bread, butter and salad were great. We waited for another 30 minutes for our main course to arrive. The tomato soup i had ordered was finely diced tomato right out of the can (wasn't even heated up). It had no taste, color or aroma. My hunger vanished after tasting the tomato soup. My husband was clever enough to order Chicken Alfredo pasta. Overall the food experience we had was sub par to what we have expected. We regretted coming in this door to spend $30+.
Come to Lesters with your appetite. The sandwiches are gigantic. My friend and I shared a small pastrami and sweet potato fries. Both were absolutely delicious. The service was really great. The atmosphere was not comfortable in my opinion. I felt like I was in fast food chain. It's very dark inside even though we were there in the mid day for lunch. The bathrooms had such a strong smell of deodorizing that it was nauseatingly overpowering. I guess that's better than the smell that they are trying to cover up I think.  You have a choice of sitting at a large booth or at tables. You can see the workers in the kitchen which is nice. It is a sports bar and apparently it has giant exhaust fans so that people can smoke and there is no smell.  Of all my senses, my sense of smell is at top performance and I did not smell any smoke at all. Very nice
Love these people. I've moved downtown, and they remain one of my very top choices in the city despite the drive to get to their location. Absolutely fantastic service + care, and, unlike several other places in Indy, they take great care not to overload the facility with dog guests.  I love that you can view the dogs via their webcam, and I have nothing but glowing things to say about everyone involved with this place. The owner also runs a very successful dog rescue. You won't find a more caring person to hand over your dog to for a few nights.
Roberts kicks butt. There's no other way to say it. Being a photography enthusiast, I've been to several different types of camera stores in my day. Roberts wins best all-around shop in Indy for sure. While shopping last month for a new digital SLR camera, the folks at the downtown location were more than helpful--even steering me away from a camera that was more expensive than the Nikon D40 I ended up getting. Another great perk--aside from their honesty and knowledge about everything in the store: They offer free photography classes for anyone who purchased a camera at their store. I'm signing up!
Main floor is roomy but the downstairs, CLAUSTROPHOBIA! This place reminds me of a frat house. It smells like a frat house with too many men without game with too much cologne. It has the layout of frat house sort of (too many stairs and such). I'm sure guys pick up girls wearing too high stilletos by helping them up and down said stairs to get in their pants.  I don't really see what's so Irish about this place. I guess I need to eat here to find out. I enjoy myself too much at Fado, so this place just doesn't do it for me.
Thoroughly enjoyed our experience at Noble Rice tonight. Dinner rush happens just before 7p so try and get there by 6:30p, the latest. The decor is awesome, super small (which I love), the service was great, dishes were realllllly good. Chicken Hearts, Noble Ramen, they carry uni on the reg (unheard of in Tampa), Sake Ribs! Literally fell off the bone! Party of 3 and each of us ordered about 3-5 plates.   Wishes: Communal tables alongside the brick wall and perhaps running the middle? Love going to izakayas and sitting down with strangers (thats the whole point, no?) Also, authentic green tea ice cream please? Regardless of what, will definitely be back.
Let's get right to it...  Pro's: Great service Food was AMAZING (more on that below) Atmosphere was nice Location is really convenient  Prices were reasonable  Con's: 32 minute drive from where I live (but worth the drive so not really a con)  I had the tostones w/guacamole for an appetizer. The portion was HUGE...like maybe 3 bananas.  Guac was fresh and flavorful. For my entree, I had the Korean cauliflower tacos (one of the specials) Whoa!  Soooo delicious. I wish it had more pickled onions (not because they needed it but because I love pickles onions). Thankfully I made room for dessert...coconut lime griddle cakes (they're vegan) were outstanding.   It goes without saying that I'll be back...if the rest of their menu is as good as what I had, I'll be a regular.
There is a vibe in New Orleans that lends itself to voodoo, vampires, witches, and the like.  There are the dark alleys, the rolling fog, and those hot sultry days (and nights) that just make it the perfect locale for a store like this.  1. If you are not into any of the aforementioned items, it doesn't matter.  There is something in this store for everyone. 2. If you are into any of those items/practices/ideals/etc., stop in.  There are so many things that you will want to buy that you might as well just sign over your paycheck.  I stopped here as a formerly-local to NOLA artist that I adore has started to sell her wares there.  As I follow her IG, I found Dark Matters through her, and really couldn't wait for my next visit to the city to check it out.  I walked in on a typically rainy and wintry day, and was immediately warmed by the atmosphere, and the owner.  She and I chatted it up as she helped me locate the little ghostie that I was looking for, and made me feel right at home.  I could've easily spent way more than my shopping allowance there, and I will definitely return to spend more on my next go-round.  What a wonderful shop, and centrally located for everyone to enjoy!
TL;DR: Mojo is the best boba Isla Vista and the UCSB campus have to offer. Unfortunately, it's not up-to-par with my Bay Area standards.  I came here twice: once with myself and my brother, and the next time to get 12 drinks (a combination of the Thai tea and Hokkaido milk tea) for prizes. I tried their Jasmine Green Milk Tea. It was a bit watery and the consistency of the boba was inconsistent. It was hit-or-miss depending on the slurp.   My brother really liked the fried tofu and raves about their food.   A heads-up: I don't think their phone works. I was quite peeved that I tried calling them all day to order the 12 drinks but no one ever picked up so I had to go there, wait in line, place the order (which the cashier gawked at), and then waited roughly 12 minutes.   I will be back if I'm ever back around UCSB just because everyone says to come here, but it didn't live up to the hype in my experiences.
This is a great location for a quick bite before or after a movie since they pretty much share a parking lot.   PJs served bar style food. They have happy hour Mon-Fri 330-6p and also have daily beer and cocktail specials.   If you've been the location in Blue Bell, this is much smaller and no large outdoor bar, but it's very open. They do have an outdoor patio, just not a bar.  The bar is fairly large and they have ample high tops in the bar area.   If you like nacho's I highly recommend them. The cheese sauce is addictive. The happy hour size for $4 is still quite large if you don't want to overindulge too much. Recently they have offered protein bowls which I love, but not sure they'll be offering those on a regular basis.   This is a very family friendly place and a great place to watch a game. It's an ideal place for larger groups.
This was a fantastic stop for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. The bartender was exceptionally friendly, and the food was fantastic. My husband ordered the BLT and after one bite, I wish I had too. I had the So Fresco grilled cheese, which was light but also good. I was so disappointed that they were sold out of donuts, so next time we're in Tucson we will definitely be returning to try them!   If you're looking for a swanky, relaxed ambiance and tone cape the afternoon heat, stop here for some drinks and some sandwiches. You won't be disappointed!
I truly wish I could give this review 10 stars!!  I have been to many North Italia locations so we were looking forward to celebrating my son's 21st birthday here on Saturday, September 7th in Tuscon.  We had a party of 18 guests and Matt was our server.  We lucked out and were seated in their private dinning area which was amazing!!  We also lucked out having Matt as our head waiter who was also amazing!!  He was attentive, knowledgeable, and has a wonderful and welcoming personality which made the evening just that much more special.  We could not have asked for a better night with better food and service.  The food at North is excellent and has not let us down so far.  We live in Orange County and go to the North in Irvine frequently.  Thank you North Italia in Tuscon and Matt for making my son's 21st birthday so very special!!  I could not recommend North more for a casual dinner out, date night, family night or a special occasion!!
I should have realized I wouldn't be impressed just based on their website. No prices shown. So I went to F2 today looking for an accent chair. There was nothing on the floor that I liked so the salesman showed me chairs on their website. I found one I liked and I asked what the price was. About 5 minutes latter the salesman came and told me it was 1390 (ish, I can't remember the exact number). I then asked to see the fabric swatch, and was told they did not have any for this manufacturer. So, they don't have the chair on the floor, or fabric swatches, really, do you expect people to pay that price and not see the chair or fabric swatch, and just pay on faith! Waste of my time!
Terrific and creative food. I had some ribs and pulled pork. I also tried a couple side specials. Green beans and a 3 bean salad. Everything was good.  The prices were average and the place is cool.   The ribs were meaty and come dry.  They were cold by the time I got them to my table.  I think they would be better warm. Cold meat is never succulent.  They weren't exactly dry but I wouldn't call them moist either. I liked them a lot nonetheless. They're good with their terrific coffee sauce. The sweet sauce was a close second for me.  The pulled pork was tasty. A little smoky, just like the ribs. It came out ice cold and was dry. You definitely need to douse with sauce sadly.  It's a tragedy that you can't  get their food to your table warm or fresh because it's a great product.   The sides were very good and they gave me a free chocolate chip cookie because I opted to skip my free fountain drink for some water. It's a really good cookie!  The lines are long at times and it was an hour and a half experience but worth trying.
Only great things to say about our experience trying out the new iron John's taproom downtown.   I had only been to the plumer location once, and the beers came out of the tap a little lukewarm. That problem was completely absent here, so if that was worrying anyone to you can forget about that.   In addition to the classic old Pueblo pale and rye IPA, they were serving up some delicious offerings including a red, a German wheat beer, a green corn lager, and a double IPA I wasn't adventurous enough to try. I couldn't believe how flavorful the Luna Blanca was- without a doubt one of the tastiest German wheat beers I've had.   But everyone knows that this place cranks out some fine beers, what really made this experience special was the man behind the bar. Gerald took care of us- slinging the beers while sharing some history about iron John's, the new location, Tucson, and even delving into his past. Huge shout-out to Gerald for providing service that had that extra oomph in it.   Looking forward to returning on my next trip out to Tucson.
Dr. Maria Hannaway is incredible! She is very professional from the moment you meet her. Even the office staff say how wonderfully she contributes to the work environment. Dr. Hannaway sat down with me, looked me in the eye and answered all my questions. Her education was very thorough and she was a delight. As a healthcare professional myself, I know the importance of seeing the patient holistically. Dr. Hannaway spent the time to review my lifestyle and assess and educate about the options that made most sense for me. Since working with Dr. Hannaway, my skin has drastically improved and I feel 100x more confident every day. She is not only brilliant, but trustworthy (you have to trust someone when they are handling your face!). I feel very positive about this provider and will be back soon for another appointment with her.
Its time for me to get a car again - and this time I went back to Andrews Cadillac - just to see if anything has changed in the nearly 4 years since I went.  And, happily, a salesman came to check on me.  He was a young guy by the name of Carter.  He even offered me a test drive in one.  He was super nice and I eventually told him that I had been in before but not a single person would talk to me.  He apologized for that and said that he is the type of salesman that will talk to anyone and has noticed that some salesmen, in fact, judge people by appearance when they come on the lot and use that to determine if they will talk to the person.  But, I have to say Carter was different.  I still haven't made a decision on whether I will purchase a CTS or not yet - but I had to update my yelp review because he, single-handedly, helped alter my opinion of Andrews Cadillac.  I'm still not a fan because that first time a few years ago really made me angry.  But he was a great person and I am happy I stopped in now.
We ate here for the first time today. We had the waffle with egg, cheese and bacon on it, a waffle with sausage, cheese and egg, and the mini pancakes with strawberries and bananas. The waffle has ingredients like a sandwich but comes open-face. The waffle is similar to a croissant. The egg was cooked perfectly. The waffle is slightly sweet but that complimented the bacon well. Our toddler enjoyed the mini pancakes which are a perfect size for little fingers. The pancakes are light and fluffy like a muffin. They are delicious on their own without the need for syrup. The bananas and strawberries were fresh.  The price is a little high, but the ingredients are quality and the customer service is 5 star. We received helpful suggestions from the young lady that took our order. She was super sweet and friendly. We will be back.
I'll preface by admitting I'm not a local nor a fanatic Pacers fan. My boyfriend and I were in town for a long weekend and decided to take in a game at Bankers Life between the Pacers and the Bulls.   For only the third NBA game I've been able to watch in person, this was a fantastic experience from start to finish! The arena itself is beautiful, and with the amount of displays and memorabilia throughout, feels as much like a museum as a sporting venue. We spent halftime wandering the concourse which, unlike so many arenas, was not quite as much of a mob scene even though it was a crowded game.   Getting into the field house was easy (which seems so trivial until you've been to a venue where you missed the start of the game because of a backlog getting into the building). Concessions were abundant and we never needed to wait in a long line. Everyone that we encountered working there was super friendly. The view was awesome, even though our seats were admittedly in some thinner air. (The GIANT scoreboard certainly helped).   Beautiful venue, great service, awesome view, well set up... I really have only great things to say!
Although our food was good, I was extremely disappointed with our service. Our server was very nice, but it took a long time to get our food, refills, check. Normally, this isn't an issue--but they seated us outside in 45 degree weather. We had put our name on the waitlist and waited to be seated (about 1.5 hours), we were told that or table was ready, and they asked us if sitting outside was okay. We told the hostess, "no", to which she replied that she had "two other people in front of us and she skipped down to our names...so if you want to wait more you can". We were never given the option to choose our seating and were starving. So we sat outside. Froze the entire time and watched a large empty table in the heated restaurant from the outdoor beer garden. I'm not sure I'd go back.
I've been here multiple times with my boyfriend and we've always left satisfied. Good service & atmosphere has a modern feel. The food is good, for Santa Barbara, but lacks some complexity that authentic Thai food should have. I usually get the drunken or PCU noodles & they're pretty good once I add some hot sauce.   From all the times I've visited, I only have two real complaints. First, my vegetarian tom yum soup came with chicken once, but I sent it back & the waitress was very polite about it. I also ordered the green curry once, and the eggplant was sliced very thinly and was still opaque. To me, this shows either a lack of understanding or caring about how the dish should be made, and with a menu as small as they have, I feel like they should be able to do better.   On the plus side, I think everything is reasonably priced & the Thai iced tea is always good. Overall, this place holds over my Thai craving until I can take a trip down to LA.
Well managed! I made the appointment online for this Alvernon and Sixth Street location and printed off the details. Arriving ten minutes early, the friendly receptionists directed my to sign in at the kiosk. I did not wait as Anna was quick to usher me back, professionally and cheerfully caring for me as my phlebotomist. This welcoming, clean office had ample parking on a Saturday morning for my 10:00 appointment. I usually visit the Wilmot location during the week, but this was such a positive experience that I will drive to this location for future draws when I am able. The results were posted online quickly, by Monday noon; my doctor received the same response. I will return.
The chili was horrible how does a place called chili's have such bad chili?  My grilled chicken with bacon and cheese and a side of french fries was good at least.  We had a long layover and there wasn't very many options so we thought how bad could a chain restaurant really be... well this one needs a lot of work!  I like going to sit down restaurants at airports because the food is about the same price you would find at a normal sit-down place outside of the airport.  This was the case with Chili's.  Service was very slow and we sat there with empty water glasses for a long time before our waitress bothered to show up again.  It also took a while for her to come and take our order.  So if you are in a hurry don't go here they are super slow.  Also if you have time go to another terminal and seek out better food.
Well I drove 14 miles to your bank on a Saturday morning to chat about your thoughtless error and to my surprise, your lobby was closed. Who knew? So now you want to fix the problem? Are you going to give me something for my gas expense there and back just to recieve the same checks i had? Or is this just an attempt to look good? You know, Its very easy to see why i got the same checks, because nothing had to be done on your end. No type setting needed to be changed, no re-printing, etc. just pure profit. The thing was, i had run low on checks and needed to pay a few bills. Sorry Hughes, but i didnt have another 10 days to wait. I would have been past due on those bills. Furthermore, I asked for an ADDRESS CHANGE ON MY CHECKS AND NO CARBON COPY. I was just sent the same thing. The laziest possible response to my request. So disgusted in what youve become since this stupid pandemic started. I dont feel like a customer anymore, i feel like im under scrutiny when i walk in or like youre being told "ONLY OUR DRIVE THRU IS OPEN" we might all get a runny nose and die ahhh. Not to mention all these wierd looks your tellers give out. Im just chalking it up as the messed up millinial world today. As a business in which you run tv ads claiming you're so great of a bank, you should have gotten it right the first time.
I really liked this place! I had the margarita flatbread as an app which was a little disappointing, it looked like they cut it and just tossed it on the plate. Also there wasnt enough cheese. I had the medium wings as my meal and they were so good! Like ive mentioned in previous reviews of mine, Im a wing connoisseur and was impressed by the ones here! They had lots of flavor, the sauce was really good, and they were meaty and juicy.   And obviously they have tons of beers to choose from at a good price too!
A great experience overall. The space is decorated very nicely. Perfect lighting and use of colors...loved the "waterfall" upon entrance. Of course, the focal point of the space is the gigantic budda located in a huge red hole in the wall; very nice touch. Beyond the way the place looks, the food was all very very good. We tried the following:  - Edamame Ravioli: Best app I have ever tried...just an overall great choice. Loved everything about it. - Zengria: Very light and refreshing asian sangria. $36 for a pitcher which was barely able to provide 4 glasses. Would still recommend it for a complete dinner experience here. - Ahi Tuna: Very nice taste. Lovely presentation. Perfect blend of flavors. - Filet: A very different experience; presented with a mushroom/potato salad, wasabi broth, and wasabi cream sauce. Amazing. Will order next time I am here. - Sorbet: Ordered the sorbet trio (Chocolate, cherry, and mango that night). Served in a wide plate with 3 separate holes for each flavor. The chocolate was very very rich with chocolate sprinkles. The cherry was great with fruit beneath. The mango was very refreshing with raspberries hidden underneath.  Caramel Pie w/ Coffee Ice Cream: Great taste, very rich. I am not really that into such decadent desserts but it was great. Even-though the coffee ice cream was the best part, I feel as though the dessert would have worked better with a vanilla bean ice cream in its place.   Great experience here in Philly. I will definitely make a trip back if I am ever back in the city.
Depends what you get. Something's are spot on and great, others are lacking. Beer selection is great, for sure.  Constantly rotating extensive and eclectic beer menu - only problem is they'll have a special seasonal keg you fall in love with, only to find it empty next visit, never to be tasted again. First world problems. Don't do expensive meats like filets or duck and def don't do seafood. Multiple times I've tried to order different fish items or mussels and every time you can tell they have passed their freshness date. That said, salads are good and extra large, bbq pork is banging, weekend brunch is fabulous (everyone swears by the French toast), and a couple other things on the menu (burgers, fries, soups) are very reliable. Just gotta choose carefully.
A friend recommended so we got a group of 4 together for a weekday lunch.   Service 5.  Friendly, competent, and made good suggestions.  Owner/chef came over and talked with us at the end of our meal.   Food 5.  We had the smoked meatloaf (3 of us) and the grilled catfish.  The meatloaf was great.  Moist, tasty and with a lovely spicy BBQ sauce on top.  Husband said the catfish had a spicy rub and was moist and tasty.  We had a variety of sides.  Mac and cheese was said to be cheesy and tasted homemade.  The bourbon creamed corn was perfect and not too sweet.  Cornbread muffin nice touch and appeared made in house.   Price on the low side (11.99 for meatloaf with two generous sides and bread choice) for a well cooked full plate of food.  It is dinner time and I am still full.  They had lunch specials that came with one side too if you wanted a slightly smaller meal. Atmosphere 5.  Reminded me of the little town restaurants we tried in Georgia.  Great place for conversation and good food.  Saw some of the desserts in the glass case and wished we had room for one.
I've eaten here a few times over the years, mostly after my boys have baseball. Every experience has been identically excellent.  The last time I was there the systems were partially down and they could not run a $20 gift card I had. Not only did the manager comp the whole meal, he said to keep the gift card "for the inconvenience" and use it the next time we came. So I finally used it today (after baseball ). That's the kind of stuff that will make someone come back again and again because you know you'renever going to have a hassle when the managers are like that.  I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries. I love sweet potato fries and I like that they have a couple different sauces that are specifically for them (toasted marshmallow and apple cider). They also have a limited beer selection in an icebox at the cashier counter, just your Bud Light and Corona type stuff you would want to drink with a hamburger. They also have a dozen or so milkshake options.  Burger 21 is definitely in the same niche as PDQ. It's the convenience of fast food but the restaurant is very nice, always clean and the employees are competent and well trained. They're only slightly more expensive than a McDonald's, Wendy's etc. but to me it's worth every penny because the experience is always so much better.
This is my favorite lunch place in Clearwater. The food never disappoints! The people who work here are very friendly, but the service is extremely slow. Make sure you allocate at least an hour for lunch.   The menu changes frequently so there is always something new to try. Some of my favorites that always seem to be on the menu are the Mushroom Soup, Gnocchi and Gelato. The food is plated beautifully and they use quality ingredients. Depending on what you order, the portions are either really large or really small.  Every time I've eaten here they were packed. So don't forget to make a reservation (for lunch too).
Friends and I stopped here as it was a quick hop-skip-walk from the restaurant that we wanted to grab brunch before we parted on our Labor Day weekend trip.   It's massive! No, it's not as big as the real deal, but it's still so big and almost breathtaking in its size. And who would have thought/expected it to be in Nashville of all places?   We didn't get a chance to go inside or check out any of the features as it was closed due to the holiday.   The surrounding areas were very nice and I loved the grassy area that you're able to have a picnic or play with the kids/pups. Great little escape from the honkey-tonk image you have of Nashville as a tourist.
Had a bad experience on my most recent visit last week! The rooms have a distinct smoke filled smell which they didn't wanna admit but could only offer to spray instead of moving me to a different room. And the place was NOT filled but did have a large contingent at a conference staying there.   The furniture (my room was on the 1st flr) was old and not well maintained. The fixtures were dated and the bathroom curtain had a stale smell. The rooms looked as if they hadn't been aired since. Jimmy Carter was in the White House.   The restaurant was awful! There were zero choices for a low carb/low calorie healthy meal. And stay away for the Asian Chicken Salad!  The gym room was cluttered, unventilated and too crowded.   But the airport shuttle service is great!
Surprisingly good food given it's location (inside of a mall). Take out is available in the front; the dining room is nuzzled in the back. We were taken to our table and greeted promptly by our server. She seemed to be the only person on the floor that evening and did an amazing job keeping everyone's drinks full, taking orders and delivering them.   I ordered my usual -- chicken parm. OMG nom nom nom nom. It was good. I finished the whole thing. It was served with a side of pasta. The kids in our party got pizza (of course) and loved it. Someone else got wings and pizza and loved it.   Pricing for seven people was around $80 (including the ice teas and sodas we got), so ... not too shabby.
For anyone who has a family, you know that going out to the movies can break the bank. Between the ticket prices and snacks...it just isn't always a reasonable outing. That was until we discovered the Oracle View. Now, don't come here expecting a top of the line theater. It is old and in need of a deep cleaning, BUT you get to see all of the newer releases on the big screen for a fraction of the cost. We are a movie loving family, so this theater allows us to go to the movies more often and not worry about eating ramen noodles the next day.  Ticket prices rock...snack prices are costly. But still not a bad way to spend an evening. I would have given 5 stars if it would be cleaner and the snack prices were more reasonable.
I'm disappointed that I can't give this place more stars. I strive to support local places, but was not impressed here.   The concept is different: cafeteria style, you fill up a cup with fro-yo, add toppings, and then the cashier weighs your treat in. However, $0.45 an ounce doesn't sound like a lot, but it adds up! A large size fro-yo can cost you $8! Not to mention, they only offer one size cup... LARGE (which subconsciously encourages filling to the brim).  The good stuff first: It was clean. The staff was actively cleaning up after any little spill or morsel that would hit the counter. Kudos. Also, the staff (high school age) was very friendly. Again, kudos.  Now, the bad stuff: Well, the price, as I mentioned before. Ouch. Then, the fro-yo tastes carbonated, like there is Sprite in it, or something. Very odd. Very watery. Not creamy.  Also, the flavors taste like other flavors. My "cheesecake" tasted like pina-colada. Maybe they aren't cleaning out the machines properly before adding a different flavor, but my taste buds were in shock!  Now, this is personal preference, and doesn't take any stars away from Blue Cow, but there were children running around everywhere and screaming. This is that kind of place. Sugar, yada, yada. I don't have kids, and I certainly don't want to deal with other peoples. Just a warning.
This is the smaller version that might be open off hours.  I must say GET THE BREAD!  The fresh baked bread with Irish butter and salt and seasoning was amazing.  Just couldn't get enough of it.  The cheese plate was a good sampling as well.  The charcuterie board of meat was smaller than expected for the price point so next time might have opted to split a sandwich.  The real prize though was the Milk Shake IPA on tap which is unique.  One of the pioneers of this variety of beer other makers have been unable to replicate this or get to market quick enough so this is one of the only places that have it.  If you see it, get it!
The store is decently clean.  The staff are here.  The fri's are always cold and over cooked.  Biggest concern is when you walk into the play place the smell of mold and mildew about knock you down. After sitting in the room for just a few minuets. You notice even more. As McDonald's caters to kids as there not notice market you would think that they would take enough care to acknowledge that in the kids are they should care about the quality of the air. Especially here in Florida where mold and mildew are such an issue inside of air conditioning units. If you read this and don't believe me about indoor air quality. Then simply pick up a phone and call any air conditioning company and ask them. Try asking for help and you get the impression that you are bothering them.
Speciality dish is the Japanese omurice! The two sauces that they cook with are curry sauce and Demi Glac  sauce (to me, it taste sweet and savory). You choose the one you want. Nice that it's a combo and it comes with drinks, which are lemonade (a slice of lemon and shredded cucumbers) and Thai ice tea. I prefer the Thai ice tea since they use authentic Thai tea. The lemonade taste sweeter. Omurice was filling and it's a unique dish since the egg is slightly runny inside while outside looks like it's cooked. The chef took their time and it's beautiful when the waiter cuts it open in front of us.   The service is good. But they didn't follow up or ask us how's everything. Price is slightly expensive but it's worth it since it's special.   There was an appetizer, Okonomiyaki that was good and I have not had it at other places. A slightly crispy pancake. It was tasty!
Champagne Nail Bar is probably the best Nail spot in Santa Barbara. The establishment has a super chic feel to it and the staff is extremely king. In terms of the quality of work, I had what was the best pedicure I've gotten since moving to Santa Barbara. My feet both look and feel amazing, and I'm excited to recommend this venue to all of my colleagues. I also can't wait to take my friends when they visit.   Another thing that I'll say is that I really appreciate where the venue is on State Street. It (the nail bar) is easy to find and you don' thave to struggle too much to find parking as you can easily park in the shopping center lot and simply walk over.
Living in San Francisco, we often come across Sonic commercials but without a Sonic Drive-In in site.   During my stay at GSR, I saw a big Sonic billboard and could not resist. Before our drive back to the city, the boyfriend and I had to have lunch here. We both ordered the Footlong Quarter Poung Coney, a juicy, plump footlong hot dog topped with warm chili and melty cheese; which also came with tater tots! I ordered a Sonic Blast Reese's Milk Chocolate Peanut Butter Cups, while the boyfriend quenched on a Strawberry Limeade. We opted out of eating in the car, even though that's the dining experience (we didn't want to make a mess in the car).  The Coney was delicious and I wanted a second one (SO BAD FOR YOU, SO HIGH IN CALORIES). The Sonic Blast was another indulgence I couldn't stay away from, although it's flimsy cap almost killed it. My hand squeezed between the cup and the lid and the lid came off and whipped cream got all over my sleeve and some of the drink spilled out. It was salvaged and I continued to enjoy my meal.   Love tater tots, can't ever go wrong.  I look forward to coming back and trying the other items on the menu :)
I love this store! There are always so many cute things to find in this store either for yourself (which you probably don't need but just HAVE to have due to its cuteness) or for your friends! pretty much everything makes a great gift! Their stock changes quite often so if you check in every once in while you will always find something different. Also, they do try to stock items that are made by Canadian designers so that is great that they are making a concerted effort to shed more exposure to Canadian designers that you might not always encounter. Check out their intstagram for what they have in stock too!
How does this location have worse reviews than East Norriton (where the employees are rude)? The people here are so friendly and helpful! Customers should not take it personally when none of your items are purchased. It's a business and the store has its reasons, it's not a personal attack. They bought four items from me (out of four big bags), but they explained the process and why they didn't take more. They also told me to come back with some of the items later in the season. They also had a good selection of maternity clothes, which beat paying the mall prices for something I'm only going to wear for a few months.
Pros- great equipment/ good classes/ relatively clean/ free towels-  Cons- * 1-safety/ theft HUGE issues. Its a mecca for stealing. If you have children be very mindful-anyone can join. They get a large turnover of members. 2-*lockerrooms good luck getting a locker. Note that you will be on top of each and it gets OLD. The men's locker room is jammed.   3. noise -they hold classes out in the middle of the gym-its soo LOUD- 4. trainers are pushy. They dont eat unless they have you for a session. 5. bathrooms -they dont have enough. 6. ask how many lockeroon thefts they have had? Car thefts in last year? 7. Unless you are using the free classes/pool/spin classes/ you are paying a high-high premium.  8.
Excited to try Emeril's latest restaurant and it was delicious as expected. Less expensive than Emeril and a good bar makes it approachable for a casual dinner or a special occasion. Perfect for a date or wth a group to share in many of the small plates.   Highlights included the Candied spare ribs, Brussel sprout and sweet potato salad, and the fish of the day which was a well seasoned Swordfish. The roasted cauliflower is a heartier vegetable side perfect to split among 3-4 people and the flatbread was good as you'd expect it to be.   The ribs were the standout dish here, perfectly cooked and fall off the bone tender. The sweetness of the glaze is countered by some cinnamon "heat" to make this an amazing dish. I'd come back for these alone but there's plenty of other good stuff on the menu to try.   Service was good overall though it felt a little off beat. And the celebratory cheering for birthdays/celebrations wouldn't be too bad if I heard it once or twice but by the fourth time I was getting a bit of a chain restaurant birthday song type vibe. Nothing too bad though. Definitely worth going.
So planning where we would eat dinner Saturday afternoon we saw a sign outside our hotel advertising all you can eat fried grouper.  We asked the car lot attendant where this was, low and behold it was Jimmys right here at the hotel.  We called just to be sure because after walking the strip it was def the best deal. We were told there were no specials today so inquired about the sign, oh yeah we have that, comes with fries.  So we're set for dinner or so we thought.  Dammit if we weren't the victims of bait and switch.  When we ordered we were informed that's only on Fridays.  We didn't think that was fair (including the different prices from the tiki bar to the restaurant for Bloody Mary 40 feet away to take to the pool so literally went out and retrieved the sidewalk sign and brought it back. The manager came to our table and said thanks for bringing that in for me.  Say what, slow your roll dude. We explained but didn't get what we came for because he just didn't have it?  He did counter and comped the trio platter and an oyster dinner (when we noticed more than half were empty- but later found on bottom of the plate).  My family has frequented this hotel and restaurant for over 15 years and this was the very first time we encountered issues.  Least to say we were not overly pleased but they did make good with some good seafood.  BTW our waitress was very pleasant through this whole ordeal, not at all like the curt,unpleasant bartender at the tiki bar.
Reached out on instagram to express my dissatisfaction with their service. Went on a Saturday night only had one customer before me and they still took almost 45 mins to bring me my food. The food was received was luke warm and the taste was not there . This place is overhyped. They block anybody who gives them bad reviews instead of trying to fix the problem.  Don't waste your time here. Also if you read the owner reviews , she is very rude and never listens to the customer. OWNER IF YOU READ THIS YOU HAVE HAD 8 ONE STAR REVIEWS IN LESS THAN TWO WEEKS MAKE BETTER FOOD AND PROVIDE BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE
This Vietnamese restaurant has been open almost 6 months and the food is delicious. 3  friends ate lunch there yesterday and one went back for dinner with her husband because the leftovers were so good. I went back for lunch today with my husband. The Pho was soooo good. We shared it and still had plenty to bring home. The spring rolls with peanut sauce also delish.  The owner visits every table to see how you are enjoying the food and if you need anything. Today a couple with a 2 to 3 year old daughter were at the next table and the owner asked her name and she replied, "hot!" So, he went and got her a smoothee (with permission from parents) but told her she had to eat 2 more bites of egg roll before she could have the smoothee. She promptly ate the egg roll.  A little more about the food. Had the build your own with pork yesterday. Outstanding. Girlfriend had Pad Thai, also yummy with a tiny bit of kick. Other girlfriend had the Pho, which is why we shared today.  Lots of parking, too. Very clean.
Ok only because this is the only thing that really bothered me about my visit......  A hot sandwich does not mean that the bread is toasted!!!!!!   I was told the sandwich I ordered was a hot sandwich. I would like it on the record that it is not. The chicken was cold and what I would consider cold cuts.   Do not get my wrong. The sandwich was delicious and when I say cold cuts I do not mean Oscar Meyer brand turkey in the refrigerator section cold cuts. I mean it was chicken cooked then chilled cut and put on a sandwich. I love cold fried chicken as much as the next person but I feel that I was a tiny bit misled when I asked about this.   The fries were awesome!!!! Waffle fries a bit thinner than what you would expect from waffle fries and I loved it. The food was really tasty. I did not try a beer this time but I probably will next time.   If you are near by go on in and give this place a try but just know they are all cold sandwiches with waffle fries or chips. be prepared.......
I needed a new laptop but wasn't sure which brand and specs to go with. Anthony was really helpful. Spoke to him twice before actually purchasing one. He was very patient and explained everything in detail without sounding too technical.   The day I actually bought a laptop, Franck helped me out. He was just as friendly and helpful as Anthony and also had some pretty good advice.   I got the Geek Squad membership for one year, so they set up the laptop for me. I was very happy with my shopping experience at Best Buy KoP and so far also happy with my laptop.
I can't give them any stars, however I must give the obligatory star in order to leave my review. This was the WORST experience ever. They were taking the customers for Avis this month.... I wish I would have went to an Avis somewhere else. A little girl at the counter was playing on her phone when I walked up. Once she took my ID and driver's license she began an interview... this has never happened before... than she placed a $200 hold on my credit card.... this has NEVER HAPPENED before... I suppose they are trying to run their customers off by placing their service in the hands of incompetent, rude, and insecure children. I think you'd be better off going to another location.
I really want to support Hot House, because it's a smaller,locally-owned shop, but a few factors  prevent the experience from being as enjoyable as it could be.  Pros- Coffee/tea are decent and the egg and cheese sandwich is to die for!  Cons- service, service, service! I understand small shops can get swamped, but too many times it looks like there is NO system behind the counter- one person will take a few orders, then run back to the kitchen; maybe someone else will step in, maybe not. The other day I waited in line 20+ minutes just to place my order, than waited another 15 for my drink- that's right, nearly 40 minutes for a latte! I've had a few experiences where I've ordered (and paid for) food that never comes out. Once, after asking numerous times about an order, the manager snapped at me that it was simply too busy for me to expect them to get to it. I got my money back, but sheesh. That was no way to speak to a regular, paying customer. I've noticed a real decline over the past year. I belong to a group that stops at Hot House once a week, mostly of convenience, but I'm starting to fee I could get better-and faster- service at the Starbucks up the street.
Dr. Hollis was very nice and patient with my children throughout their eye exams. He made all of us feel all very comfortable and not rushed.  My son was having trouble with his contact lenses and Dr. Hollis recommended that he switch to daily lenses.   What a difference.  He is no longer having issues with his lenses.  The convenience of being able to order contact lenses online is amazing.  I saw Dr. Kardani today and she was great! She is very personable and very knowledgeable. The location is so convenient!  I would highly recommend Southern Eye Care Associates!
Was in the area one morning and had a serious craving for a bagel so I decided to check Einstein bros out. I wish I hadn't. I ordered the nova lox and bagel. It was nothing special.  I was the only one in the drive thru and for some reason it took them almost 30 minutes to make my order. From what I could tell it wasn't busy at all inside either. On top of that the service wasn't good. The person running the drive thru was quite rude. When my bagel was finally ready he very aggressively shoved it in my hands without even looking and just turned around and disappeared.   I was very underwhelmed with my food. The bagel tasted stale and the ingredients on top didn't seem fresh either, especially the tomatoes. What definitely didn't make it worth it was how expensive it was. For the price and the quality I got, it definitely did not match up. Very disappointing. There are plenty of other bagel places to go to which are local and actually good. I would not recommend coming here. Truly a waste of money and time.
We recently moved within walking distance of this place and popped in for a late lunch. It was great, and we will definitely be back! I had a wonderful savory crepe with Bleu cheese. Others in my party had Deauville salad which is basically a salad topped with toasted French bread that is covered in goat cheese and bits of bacon. SO GOOD! Husband had the Toulouse sandwich. Everything is very, authentically French. Service is attentive (I believe the waitress is actually the owner) but the kitchen is a bit slow so I wouldn't go here if I was in a rush.  However, I will most definitely be going back. Next time, Nutella crepes!!
Cherry was my photographer for December 2016 wedding at Santa Barbara courthouse. Look no further-Cherry is The PHOTOGRAPHER that you need to hire for your special day.  Here are my reasons:        1) Cherry is great photographer. She took my wedding pictures, and they turned out SO beautiful.        2)Cherry is very professional and very helpful to make the special day stress free. Cherry's blog explained a lot of questions about wedding at courthouse in Santa Barbara. If you still have more questions and you email Cherry, she will answered your email promptly. Cherry referred the makeup artists who she worked with in the past. I selected one from a list of four. Cheryl, hair and makeup artist, did very good job.         3)Cherry went out of her way to provide a great personalized service. If you want professional,great photographer, and personalized service, Cherry photography is a GREAT choice.
I live right around the corner and never thought that much of the food.   UNTIL i went for brunch today and got the smoked salmon with the pretzel roll.  it came on a platter with cream cheese, capers, onion, tomato and cucumbers.  it was SO good i can't stop thinking about it!!  I'm not even a fan of salmon! my friends got.. the churchill burger, which was good.  the bangers sandwich, which was greaaat (but very filling).  and the french toast, which was very (maybe too) sweet. I loved that it wasn't crowded, nothing worse than being hungover and waiting forever in a packed restaurant.   cannot wait to brunch again
High Note very likely has the best sandwiches in Boise.  I ordered the pork torta and my boyfriend chose the BLT and we swapped halves.  Both of them were incredible!  The South American/Mediterranean flare shows in the menu (caprese salad, hummus, torta, Malbec wine), which is a little bit random but it definitely gives the food a lot of unique flavor.  The portion sizes are definitely on the large side so you could easily get away with splitting a sandwich if you're not very hungry.  I will definitely be back (and SOON)!    I would love to stop by in the evening for their Payette beers on tap or for their weekend brunch.
Giving this place a 5-star review for the excellent service! I called twice about a china cabinet before coming in, and I got all my questions answered including full measurements! When my husband and I came to pick up the piece, we received full help getting it into our vehicle - which took a solid 15 minutes! Additionally, I disagree with the posts that state the prices are too high. First, they are open to negotiation, and I think fair when it comes to offers. Second, the prices are much more fair than I have seen at comparable antique malls in the Nashville area. This is obviously not a place for pickers - the items here have already been "picked" by someone else and are being offered at a fair price. If you don't want to be the one sifting through yard sales, junk yards, estate sales, or thrift stores, then this is a great place for you to find a fair deal on a good variety of items. As someone who frequents antique malls, this one is clean, well organized, not overwhelming, and has friendly staff. Great place to kill an hour or two - and definitely a great place to find a nice gem. I recommend booth 200 if you're into mid-century modern. Happy hunting!
We enjoyed out dinner here. I have met Emeril twice and he is just as charming as he is on TV. That being said, I expected more out of this place. The server was great and most of the food was great. The people I was with had the duck and the drum and both dishes were delicious. I ordered the ribeye and it was quite possibly the worst ribeye I have ever had. I ordered my steak medium and by the time I finished it, it was beyond well done. I say this because the steak was incredibly thin and was served over roasted potatoes. The steak was so thin that the heat from the potatoes thoroughly cooked the steak to where it was almost inedible. The steak was entirely covered in black pepper to the point that it was completely overpowering. Another thing that was concerning is that when I went to the restroom, the door was locked. I waited for a little while and was astounded to see an employee come out of the bathroom with about 5 bottles of liquor. That's right, they store their liquor in the bathroom closet. Overall, I wanted to enjoy my dining experience more than I did.
Been going here for years....cold beer, good food (usually) and fair prices. Today we went in and ordered one of our favorites....grilled chicken tacos. These have always been a go-to. Delicious and one of the healthier options available. Today they came out completely different. Way too much blackened seasoning and the tortilla was covered in crispy cheese which adds whole lotta unnecessary grease into the mix. And they're not nearly as tasty now! Y'all.....if it ain't broke, don't fix it! They were so much better before you went and messed with the recipe!   You get 4 stars because we still love JBs...but I had to deduct a star because you completely messed up one of the best menu items you had.  PS Lundy (the bartender) absolutely made things right by removing the charge from our bill. Thank you, sir!
My overall experience was okay. My dentist was excellent. He thoroughly explained everything to me. I have always been very scared of the dentist since I was a child. He made me feel very comfortable. My issue was the cleanliness of the facility. I felt like the equipment and rooms could have been cleaned better. For instance, when I sat in the dentist chair, I looked up at the light, and it looked as if there was spit splatter from previous patients. My other issue was while I was getting my X-rays done, the hygienist walked out of the room for 40 seconds with the equipment in her hand. She returned and wanted to proceed with putting that equipment in my mouth. I explained to her that I was uncomfortable with that, and she happily disposed the equipment and changed her gloves.  I will be going back to this location. I left a review within their office and hopefully there are a few changes.
I felt a little out of my comfort zone in such a cool, rock and roll place, but it was worth it for such a great cut. I was very impressed with Matt's unorthodox (to my untrained eye) approach. He washed, dried, and flat ironed my hair before ever putting scissors or a razor to it. As he worked, I could see that he knew exactly what he was doing. He was extremely precise and very determined to get the best cut possible for my hair. Sounds cheesy, but I mean it in earnest, he is a real artist at his craft. I love the cut as it is right now, and know it's going to grow out beautifully.
Don't listen to their "it'll be done in a week" claim. Absolutely ridiculous. I've waited 10 days, went to pick up and they said my items haven't even gone into the kiln yet. So much for being ready for Christmas. $155 down the drain.   Then they call and leave a message that a portion of my order is now ready, but the remainder will be a couple more days. Then we call back to question this and they tell us that none of our order is ready. It will be 4 more days. Seriously? This place is poorly run. Nobody knows what is going on. Stay far away!
Verdict: Cute place to check out  Atmosphere / decor - 4 Service - 4 Food - NA Location - 4 Value - 4  Overall 4  I went here on a Saturday night a few weeks after opening. It was literally packed. There was live music music (acoustic) which matches the atmosphere.   Although the place was full, the owners were really nice about finding us a table and squeezing us in (4 people). There were games upon games piled up on different shelves across the place.   We didn't eat here but I got a kombucha and some of the others got beer. The beer selection was small but I was pleased that other things (kombucha, etc.) were offered. There were a few servers doing their best to keep up with everyone despite the crowd.   Overall I think this is a really neat place to visit, maybe check it out on a week day when it's not so busy!
When you walk into the Ballpark Village complex, you walk smack into the enormous FOX Sports Midwest Live! Which dominates the complex.  FOX is a very impressive establishment -it has two levels for eating and drinking with dozens of big screens TV screens including a mammoth 40 footer, a retractable roof. It covers 20,000 square feet.  It's right next to Busch Stadium, so it's a natural meeting place for Cardinal fans before the game. We saw hundreds of red shirted fans streaming into the place getting ready for the ball game.  We had lunch there and enjoyed a BBQ Chicken Salad ($10.95) and a Turkey Avocado Wrap ($9.75). My salad was very good - lettuce, black beans, pico, tortilla strips, sliced chicken all drizzled with barbecue sauce.   Combine the spectacle of the place's hugeness, the incredible HDTV images, the big menu of food and drink options, and the proximity of the ballpark all combine to make FOX a very impressive experience.
Hot chicken is the name of the game here and this is the place to get it. We waited in the hot sun for 30" not sure if we made the right choice. However, once we sat down in the tiny, rustic, simple restaurant, the food came out fast and finally got to experience the famous hot chicken. We all liked our lunch and found it to be a Nashville favorite, especially for tourist. The chicken was moist, fresh, hot and tasty. The sides were pretty much standard. There are some condiments on the table if you dare to add gasoline to fire. This is super casual dining experience but worth it all around.
Oh my goodness, my taste buds are so happy, and my texture buds if that is even a thing. I have been waiting for a time to go into Celebrate Gluten Free since I had found out I had an allergy to Wheat and today was the day. The shop tucked in a building on stony plain road and 152 street. I am sure over my time in Edmonton I have driven by it but did not know the treasures that were in store.  The place inside looks clean and bright. You can see right back to where the magic happens when you walk in. When I went in in a Saturday at lunch, they had a good selection of sweet options and savory and i decided on the pretzel pizza stick, a birthday cake bar, cheese scone and a ginger snap cookie for research purposes.  Oh dear the texture of that pizza stick was exactly what I have been missing. The fluffy, chewy texture was in each bite and I was so happy. That texture that I have been missing in a bread product has finally been found and the flavour was there too. I finally felt like I wouldn't have to miss out in the things that I once really enjoyed.   The birthday cake bar was also delicious and will be something that I would get for a party for myself or anyone else so they don't feel like they are missing out on the cake. And while I haven't eaten all of the treats, I can confidently say I will be back and soon to hit up the fresh bread because it has been too long since I have had a nice sandwich. Delicious!
Let me explain first that my choice of five stars on a biscuit place is as much to do with how much I love the food as it is to do with the fact that this place is the best option (by far) in the area for a great quality, fast served brunch. This will open your mind and taste buds to all that can be joined up with a biscuit to create new meals that are unlike anything else you have enjoyed.  Also love the order ahead quick line pick-up option too as it is so popular that there is often a wait for seats
Updating the review to include a new brunch experience. This time we were in the greenhouses which were nice and toasty!   The Port of Call cocktail was a great start. Avocado toast with pickled peppers and pesto was delicious, The Kabocha quiche was gluten free and had a squash crust instead of pastry, which was a bit of a bummer (the waitress let us know this beforehand), but it ended up working well together, although the squash to egg was ratio was off. The Crueller was like a soft funnel cake and had a yummy grapefruit curd. Finally the sticky toffee cake was a nice finish!
It was by chance that I stumbled upon Kyle's website for catering in the Santa Barbara area. We were not local, so picking a caterer for our wedding proved to be a challenge. When we spoke on the phone, his personality and ideas seemed right up our alley. We visited for a tasting on the food we decided on for our wedding reception and were blown away. EVERYTHING was amazing! The tri-tip, chicken, and the most incredible little potatoes I've ever eaten. Not to mention the chimichurri sauce - so good. The food was, in fact, so incredible and Kyle was so great to work with that we hired him to cater the rehearsal dinner, too. Completely different menus on back to back days and he NAILED it. We have received so many compliments on our food from our friends and family! Our wedding reception would not have been the same without Craft Wood Fired Catering!
Either a hit or a miss at this spot.   2/3 of the foods we ordered was decent.   We have the roti and it was pretty good the chicken curry was our favorite. We also got the seafood chowfun which is always a good dish to order. Nice and thick gravy.   The one thing I'd tell you to avoid is the special squid thing. It just tasted like frozen squid thrown together with a random sauce they found. Disgusting.   The atmosphere was meh. Dark and barely anyone was there and honestly wouldn't come back.
Went to Charlie Gitto's to celebrate our sister's first year of college! Went through the entrance and were greeted instantly with beautiful smiles! The hostess was very sweet and sat us down to our table. We were then greeted by Quinn, who told us the specials of the night (they all sounded so great) we ordered the Calamari and Arancini appetizers (both incredible!) We then asked Quinn whether or not a particular meal had pork and he kindly let us know which meals didn't have pork. After the amazing meals we had, Quinn surprised our sister with an Italian cake! Seriously such a great dining experience, service was incredible and if we're ever back in town this will be our go-to, no celebration needed to enjoy a place like this!
Independence Hall & Independence National Historical Park is a great activity for tourist, families, history buffs, are anyone that's looking for a FREE and engaging activity.  Independence National Historical Park provided a diverse view of the founding of the United States, and provides a prospective that should not be forgot when telling our (Americans) story. The Liberty Bell is  also located in Independence National Historical Park - housed in its own museum.  After exploring the exhibits at the Independence National Historical Park and seeing the Liberty Bell (all FREE), you can take a free guided tour of Independence Hall which we found to be very informative and fun!   We recommend visiting in the off-season (we visited in November) when the lines are short and you can enjoy all the attractions at a leisurely pace. Parking was not an issue for us, but street parking could be tough to find if you come during a busier travel season.
Food is always great.. Never was a time I didn't enjoy my meal here. Love that it's byob and love how it is friendly for all sorts of diets including vegetarian.   However, the staff at the front (host desk) really need to be replaced with those who have higher organizational skills and a better attitude. This wasn't the first, or I'm sure the last, time I have had problems.   For example, this particular visit.. Put our name in for four, we understood it was busy it's Sunday brunch - told we would be notified via text so we walk down the street. Come back a half hour later and with a look that totally gave away we were forgotten about Host #1 tells us "were the next four top" I told her we had one more and she goes "uhhh ok that changes things" host #2 giggles and says "hehe uhhh" ... I didn't get the joke. Half hour later (an hour after we originally put in our name) were rudely sat. Oh.. And while we were waiting the 2nd time since our extra person dramatically changed things.. Host #2 is calling out names in the lowest most monotoned voice ever Karen? 2? Lisa 2? Bill 2? *looks around unamused and shrugs her shoulders* ... Yeah.
My daughter and I had a wonderful meal last night.  I chose the beef enchilada meal, which was perfectly spiced and every bite flavored just right.  She purchased the legendary Gospel Chicken, which she had a nice piece leftover for an evening snack.  I have always found the staff to be excellent at Cafe Del Rio, and it is true they typically have two waitresses, but they are the best waitresses on the planet.  I will always come back and recommend to anyone that comes into the Charlie B Gallery and Vasefinder Museum that if you go to Virginia City that you need to get a bite at Cafe Del Rio because it is just right.
I first want to point out that I am legally blind. I came to this restaurant for the first time a week ago. When I walked through the front door (with my white cane in hand) and was waiting to sit down, I was approached by this random man dressed in white from head to toe. He appeared to be African-American. He began speaking to me and I noticed he had an accent, so  it was a little difficult to understand him.  He asked if he could "help" me and before I could process and respond, he removed  my glasses from my face. He then started touching my head and face, rubbing my eyes, and sticking his fingers in my ears, at which point I grabbed and SQUEEZED his wrists HARD (tried NOT to break them!!!) He was told to stop and back off. Then the waitress told him to stop bothering customers. Unfortunately, he wasn't even asked to leave, which put me on edge.When I asked the waitress who he was, she told me that he "knows the owner" and comes around occasionally. what makes it even worse is that, after he stopped, he asked, "can you see now?" I don't care what your culture is or what your spiritual beliefs are. Regardless of your intentions, don't EVER put your hands on me or anyone without their consent, even if you somehow believe you can cure blindness!!!
I recently checked out Chickie's and Pete's for the first time on the way to a Phillies game. It's about three blocks from the Pattison subway stop, and it's relatively cheap and convenient. We had a few beers and an appetizer, and a good time was had by all.   The fries were good, but not amazing. Perhaps they were a little dry and salty, but you have to understand that the fries are just a vehicle for the cheese sauce that comes with it. It's a great combination.   This place is huge, but the way it's partitioned, it doesn't feel too cavernous. The service was good, as there is plenty of staff and multiple bars. The staff was pretty attentive too. No complaints in that department.   The atmosphere inside was terrific. There are flat screen televisions everywhere, and great music. The crowd was pretty good too. One girl in our group didn't have a ticket, and we managed to find a guy who was selling extras for just five bucks.   Also, while it's well within walking distance to any of the stadiums, Chickie's and Pete's operates a free shuttle to and from the stadium on gameday. When we were done pregaming and stepped outside and it was right there. We were in front of the Citizens Bank Park in five minutes.   Conclusion: Chickie's and Pete's is a great place to have a few drinks and a bite to eat before a game. This could easily become part of my gameday ritual.
Ordered lunch from here with co workers and delivery was scary quick. Nonetheless, the food was ok. I've had better Chinese take out so I don't have much to rant and rave about.  I liked that the broccoli was not over cooked and had a crunch to it. I liked the size of the shrimp and price ($4.95), so it was a fair lunch. I didn't like the rice, at all (I was staving so I did eat most of it). The taste was very bland and was not hot enough for me. I also didn't like that typically, Chinese lunch specials included a drink and egg roll; Not this place! But hey, it's only 5 bucks so I guess I can simmer down a bit and leave it at that =}
Service was average even for the lunch hour.  I was expecting service similar to a top of the line steakhouse but maybe I overestimated.  First time experiencing Harry's and probably my last. Walking in for a lunch holiday party, it was pretty deserted. The decor was dark, bland and very uninviting. No smile from the waiter, just took our order... Food was average.  Drinks were also average. I ordered a Moscow Mule which normally comes served in a copper mug. My drink came in a regular glass and was lukewarm. I don't think anyone was trying to make our experience a great one. Maybe the dinner experience would have been different.
If you want the best iced chai in the city, get it at Quills. This place is actually located in the lobby of the 9 on Canal apartment complex so if you've never been it may be difficult to find the first time (just turn on 9th St toward the canal). There is ample work space if you need to study or get some work done and the atmosphere is pretty chill. I always always get an iced chai, it tastes like honey and cinnamon mixed in with the chai, like nothing I've ever tasted! Grab one and take a walk along the canal or wander around downtown!
We went back to the Ryman Auditorium to do our tour using our Total Access tickets purchased online. Those tickets are only good for the self guided tour so we paid an additional $10 each to get get us to the backstage guided tour.   Make sure you don't have any Swiss Knife or whatever...it's like going through TSA without removing your shoes...yes they take safety seriously which is good. No drinks or food either...it's already enough that they have multiple bubblegums underneath their pews (part of the history told during the tour).  The tour guide told us a very good timeline of how the Grand Ole Opry got it's name then renamed to Ryman  Auditorium then the people who maintained The Ryman and how the legends in country music started. It was very interesting and very informative. It may seem expensive for a tour but hey sitting on an 1892 original pew and wood floors...that's amazing! You can feel the history.  Then after the tour you get to watch this short clip called Sounds of Nashville (if I remember right) which is retelling the story of the Ryman through the narration of Lula C. Naff...this was really entertaining.   Take as much pictures as you want without the flash and of course no video recording. Too bad we were only able to see and get into 1 dressing room and not even on stage since Amos Lee's concert preparation was going on.  You may either visit the Rayman Auditorium once in your lifetime so I suggest immerse yourself with the history. Then if and when you get the chance to catch a good show at the Ryman Auditorium just go for it. It's worth it!
I USED to LOVE the Olympic Subs & Steaks breakfast platters!  They HAD the BEST egg platters!  So forlorn that they now, suddenly, no longer offer their platters -- only sandwiches.  PLUS, they now don't open until 9:00 -- well past the time the greatest majority of people are already at work.  Fortunately, there is always the Delta Restaurant who still caters to the morning breakfast crowd and their breakfast platters are just as good!  I will say, however, that Olympic Subs & Steaks have some of the best subs & steak sandwiches in town -- full, meaty, cheesy, satisfying!!!
I had the pleasure of eating at Willie Mae's this past Monday. As a fried chicken aficionado going vegan soon. I was reluctant to try this place out knowing, possibly there was going to be a line around the block. My family and I lucked out  and got seated right away at 10:30 am (special thanks to yelp tips on coming early). The place is a hole in the wall but who is expecting a sophisticated ambience when you're here for some downright southern comfort fare.   The first bite of the fried goodness was like a mardi gras in my mouth. Crispy on the outside, warm and moist in the inside. How did they perfect the batter so when they fry it, it had a delicate, translucent texture to it? Maybe I can research a copy cat recipe online I wondered but less contemplating and more eating. I had the fried okra on the side. A well spent $11.   It did live up to being the best fried chicken in the country and the hype is real. Too real. Maybe I won't go vegan afterall.
Where do I even start with Brophy Bros? Amazing? Delicious? Scenic? Life-changing? Any of those will do really.  Brophy Bros is THE place to go for casual seafood in Santa Barbara. It's located right in the harbor so you get an epic view of the water and all the boats from the restaurant, plus they have tons of outdoor seating which is ideal since it's 70 and sunny basically year-round here. It can get crowded but isn't that the best sign of a good restaurant? And it's definitely worth the wait.  Lastly--and most importantly--the food is incredible and totally reasonably priced. I'm a sucker for good fish and chips (laugh all you want) and these are some of the best I've ever had. The fish is so flaky, lightly battered and crispy, and their tartar sauce is perfect for dipping it in. I also tried the clam chowder (which comes in a mug with oyster crackers), the crab cakes, and some of the salmon and everything I tasted was absolutely phenomenal. If Brophy Bros isn't already on your "MUST GO TO" list every time you're in the area, it's about time you add it.
Great little coffee shop on Pardall just down the street from UCSB in Isla Vista.  Never got to visit Coffee Collaborative before it closed, but from what I understand, this picks up where Coffee Collaborative left off.  Quaint, chill, relaxed.  Stopped there on the way back to OC from the Bay Area - great coffee, great cookie, great hot chocolate.    Oh, and great service from Stephanie, who also found the credit card I accidentally left, tracked me down, and mailed it back.    Thanks Stephanie!    Loren and Dina Nelson did a great job bringing this spot back to life!
I left this location about 2 hours ago, i went through the drive-thru and ordered my usual order. I got a garlic cheese burger. i began to eat the burger when i realized there was pubic hair covering the bun. my boyfriend told me to open the burger, and i found more hair, and a substance that looked like actual semen. I nearly threw up and took the burger inside. no one offered to make me a new sandwich or offer a gift card for my inconvinence or even the absolute disgust i was in. A cook gave me attitude that i even had the audactity to claim that there was pubes on my burger, then threw it out. the manager gave us a refund for the burger, but never apologized or looked to find who did this to my burger. i was just continuously told "its not possible". after speaking to a manager a waitress made the comment, "Can you be quiet we have actual customers in here?" my boyfriend responded that WE are actual customers. This steak and shake has always had TERRIBLE service and has been slow.  THIS has completely ruined my over-all steak and shake experience and we will not be going to any location again. I am very angry and am tempted to seek help with legal authorities. NO ONE should ever have to go through this.
i've ridden new century (aka 2000 coach - 2000coach.com), which departs philly just south of the wawa on 11th, and also apex bus (aka today's bus, and to add to confusion their signage says 'cheery st'; gotobus.com) both a Number of times and i'm here to tell you that 2000 coach / new century is the better choice hands-down.  here are some 'fun' things that have happened the times that i rode today's bus: 1. after alarmingly loud engine noises, stranded on patch of nj turnpike for upwards of an hour before they got moving again 2. driver being careless enough to get pulled over by the cops and not understanding a lick of english resulting in a half hour 'conversation' with the man in blue and the driver's superior via cell phone before things got in motion again 3. unexplained stop at gas station in cherry hill nj for 45 minutes or more before things got in motion again, making the total trip time over 3 hours (particularly bad traffic on top of that).  i'm happy to say i've not once experienced any similar inconveniences or 'unsafe' sentiment while riding 2000 coach / new century.
It's a shame, this place had decent pizza.  I'm tired however of dealing with the person taking orders.  She's rude and gets the order wrong every time, even if it's not placed over the phone and placed online (in writing exactly what I want).  I recently placed an order and cancelled it after being told it would arrive in 1.5 hours.  I then placed an order elsewhere and they still tried to deliver the food saying last time I complained it was cold.  Well yes I did, as nothing was even warm and I don't want to take food that has been sitting for who knows how long.  Service has gotten way worse and will now always be going elsewhere.  Save your money and don't order here.
Intended only to browse and check out the inventory and prices at this three-year-old bike shop. It is really well stocked and well organized and the prices made it impossible to leave without buying a new pump for my tires (with valves that work for both my road bike and my basic transportation bike) for $20 and a new helmet.  Not a place to purchase cycling shoes or apparel but plenty of bikes, bike accessories, gloves, tires and tubes and whatever else is needed to get ready to ride.  The husband and wife who own it, Andy and Jana Clark, have created a very consumer friendly place. They can service your bike and will even fill your tires with air at no cost if you happen to ride by during business hours and need a little boost.
So today is my birthday and also my fourth time eating here.  Today was supposed to be special but the terrible customer service ruined everything.  NO ONE greets me or serve me when I walked in the restaurant, and when the waitress finally came to take my order, I got yelled at for sitting at a table that she was too lazy to wipe.  Her nonstop yelling made all the other customers stop and stare at me, and I felt so embrassed and ashamed even though I didnt do anything wrong.  My food was late and she was acting rude to me the whole time, I don't know how someone can be so malicious towards a stranger.  In the end, I decided not to leave a tip and she was pissed off . This birthday experience is absolutely horrible and I will never come back again.
Finally got a chance to try Juniper's. Went for brunch with a group of friends and ordered the fried chicken biscuit. The chicken itself was solid; cooked thoroughly and had a good texture to it. The sandwich itself was average; I wasn't a big fan of the red pepper jelly or the smoked mayo. I will definitely get something else the next time I go. For cocktails, I got the Gardener's Son which was awesome!! Would definitely recommend this drink or any of their cocktails. The place itself was very cool, lots of natural light and very modern. Wish the chicken sandwich was at the same level of their drinks but overall a good experience.
I grew up eating Tony's pizza, walking in snowstorms to hang out, and having my parents pick it up every other week or so, but since moving to Upper Merion, I hadn't stopped in in quite a few years.  I called to make an order for pickup and from that second, felt right at home all over again.  I walked in and my pizza was ready for me and still hot, and I was greeted with a smile and left with a 'Thank You.'  Call me crazy, but I didn't need a long conversation to make me satisfied with the experience.  I walked in, was treated politely, got my great food, and was out the door.    I'm glad to see Tony's is still family owned and operated with the best mushroom and pepperoni pizza I've ever had.  Their sauce makes their pizza.  Thanks for the reminder that I can leave Bridgeport once in a while and still have a great old-school pizza shop to visit.
I happened to be in center city with a friend and was unsure of where to go for food. So I opened the Yelp app and up pops this restaurant. I've never ate hummus before so I figured I'd give it a shot. As we walked in the place was very clean, spacious and the service was excellent! I mentioned to the cashier that I've never ate hummus before and she was very helpful in answering any questions that I had plus she knew her stuff. The wait time for the food was very short and it was delicious! I highly recommend this place even for first timers. It's going to be a decent experience.
Don't judge a book by its cover.   Is this restaurant in a somewhat run down plaza, in a corner, next to a Bealls Outlet?  Yes, it is, but let me just say that this is some good Italian grub. I had the veal saltimboca, and it was easily my second favorite. This is a dish I commonly order when I hit up an Italian restaurant for the first time. If it's good, then I will trust them to make my favorite dish the second time around--Fettuccine Alfredo.  So I'm definitely coming back and will post an update on how it turns out.   Only thing holding me back from a 5 star is that they do not use fresh pasta. I had a Caesar side salad, and it was creamy and obviously homemade, even down to the croutons, so I had my hopes up high that the pasta would be legit, but it was just common dehydrated pasta.
Costco carries a wide variety of items, most in bulk, but there are some items in single qty. Great place to get discounted booze.  There are sample stations most every day. So if you have the munchies, you can easily get your fill just by wandering around the store and trying the small bites (and sometimes small drink samples). If those are not enough, their food court has a small variety of choices as well. From large pizza slices, hot dogs, sandwiches, smoothies, and ice cream.  If you buy coffee beans, they have grinder machines just past the check out stands.  though I have never tried it, they also have eye exams, and tire service.
I don't really know what to even say about this place. We came here to hang out with a group of friends and watch a sports game but the bar was sooo crowded (which is totally understandable). We made a spot for ourselves and attempted to get a drink at the bar but it was so packed i found it impossible to get the bartender to notice. Aside from that, there isn't much to rave about - nice place with average decor but a great location.  I might give this place another shot - we maybe just went on an off night where they were short staffed, who knows.
Delicious food. Laid back atmosphere. Loved that they brew their own beer. We went here to visit a friend that had moved to New Orleans. I do not usually eat a lot of seafood, but I make an exception when it is fresh, especially in the south. You can't come to NOLA and miss out on the unique flavors. The seafood cheesecake was so interesting and flavorful. The only negative thing about our experience was that 3 dinners came out very late in our group - but our server made it right and removed them from the bill. I would recommend this place. A gem.
Went into the store and left me be, which is fine as I don't like salespeople constantly watching/following my every move.  A very smooth talker, almost like a politician though.  Very chatty about other stuff, to the point where making a purchase takes significantly longer than it should have.  When asking to get it delivered, he was late by a couple of hours, even though a rough time was set days ahead of time.  The first time my bed was delivered it was the wrong bed so he had to go back to the store to get the one I purchased.  A mistake that could have been easily corrected had he checked/confirmed before he left the store.  Then, when he was moving the be into my apartment, broke a light cover when he bumped the bed into it.  Said he was going to buy me a new one and call me to schedule a time within a week to bring back the light cover to me but he never did.  I don't exactly know how much I can trust him anymore.  In summary, the bed is good but the service could have been better.
I recently moved to Soulard, and decided to make Franklin's my new "hometown" bar, as I received the greatest service from the manager, Tim. I have just discovered that he is the ONLY good thing about Franklin's.   This evening, my girlfriends that are in town for a 10 year reunion from when we lived together (at ages 17-20) attempted to spend time at my new favorite bar. Upon entering, the sour bartender greeted us with questioning looks, and requested 2 forms of ID from each of us (2 of which are turning 30 in a few months). One of my friends had a difficult time fishing her ID from her large purse, as it had fallen from her wallet at the last bar. This caused the bartender to decide that no one was able to be served until she found it. We waited patiently, and were greeted with a request for a THIRD form of ID from the OLDEST of us all.  It was embarrassing, and incredibly rude. When we were clearly appalled, she told us to leave. Clearly she had a vendetta against us from the moment we walked in, and it was absurd. She mentioned that the request for a 3rd ID came straight from the OWNER.  All I can think is... what would John Taffer think?! Someone needs to call bar rescue.  We are currently at Sassy Jac's, and having a great time enjoying our drinks.. which did not require more than our state registered IDs.  Either the bartender we encountered tonight needs some additional training on out of state IDs, or a tampon.
I am really sad to write this review. We had been to Mother's in 2004 and 2007 and got the Ferdi both times. It was spectacular. The type of experience that was close to out of body. The type of sandwich that you dream about and can't get out  of your mind. The type of sandwich that you run to Mother's as the very first thing you do in NO.  This time (Jan 2010) was such a disappointment. Was it a bad day, bad chef, or has the place gone downhill? I don't know. The Ferdi's had NO flavor. The wife's sandwich had no gravy and no debris. The meat was completely flavorless. I dumped about a third of a bottle of hot sauce just to get some flavor. The gumbo was delicious, however.  The prices are not cheap so their main calling was quality. But that quality is no more. There are so many other po boy places in NO and we were so disappointed that we resolved not to return to Mothers. We have lost one of our all time favorite restaurants in NO.
I really don't get the hype about chargrilled oysters. If you like oysters, eat them raw. Chargrilled just makes them taste like grilled breadcrumbs covered in butter.   But my preference for raw stuff aside, I found the food to be over priced and over rated. I ate here twice because my friends are vegetarian so they don't care where they get their lettuce and it was raining and apparently they melt in the rain.   This was just a typical restaurant tourist trap conveniently stuffed into a huge hotel. The salad was meh. Lunch specials are ok in price. The poached oyster pasta was pretty good, but the Alfredo was nothing special.The stuffed crab special was extremely salty and the collard greens that came with it were watery.   Walk away from the casino/hotel area and get real food.
The best grocery store period. Here's why: 1. Despite having a gazillion people in it, still is pleasant to shop.   2. They have great prepared foods, so this is even a great place to get lunch.   3. They also have a phenomenal store brand, which offers high quality alternatives in almost any category including natural/organic which they have a great selection of.  4. Their prices are low everyday and comparable to Wal-mart  My 1 con 1. Because of the great private label, they tend to have a high bar for letting new items in. So if you have are looking for some new cereal, cracker, or an obscure new flavor of soomething, odds are they won't have it unless its a big advertiser push.
I now have two favorite gelato places in the US--unfortunately, they're each 1-2 plane rides away. I went to Frost Gelato last weekend during a trip to Tucson with friends. One of my friends, the self-proclaimed  "indoorsy" Bill C., was not thrilled that our afternoon had been devoted to hiking Sabino Canyon (which was beautiful, by the way). Four of us finished the hike about 30-40 minutes ahead the remaining 3, who had lingered to swim in the falls. Frost Gelato  made for the perfect stop as we waited for our friends to finish.   I recommend the affogato. Authentic affogatos (affogati?) are composed of an espresso shot poured over a tiny little scoop of vanilla gelato. I love real Italian affogatos, but I much prefer the more substantial American version served by Frost. For about the same price as a medium, you can get TWO flavors of gelato and chocolate sauce covered in a generous serving of espresso and topped with whipped cream. (Confession:  the affogato is so good that just writing about it gave me such an uncontrollable chocolate craving that I had to go into my cupboards to get a few dark chocolate covered almonds from Sprouts in order to complete this review).   And thus the day was saved. Bill's annoyance with nature disappeared, and gelato triumphed again.
In the Philly terminals, you have two  nicer choices - CIBO or Vino Volo. It's yummy. I liked eating in a tiny re-created restaurant. I appreciate real silverware. I liked the table setups. I had a spinach salad and no one balked that I changed things around in it. The waitress wasn't quick enough in clearing my plate or bringing me water (actually, I never got another glass of water ever again). In an airport, you do not have unlimited time, or at least, she should not assume I have unlimited time. So quit clearing the empty table next to mine and pay more attention to the live customers you still have.
The Harrison Center is a great place. It is always my favorite stop on first Fridays, and the place we spend the most time at because there is so much to look at. We go to pretty much every first Friday here, and I am always so impressed by how many amazing local artists we have here in Indy. Did I mention that there is free wine? Although, you should make a small donation because it is a worthy place to support! Oftentimes on first Fridays they have live music and food trucks outside, with a variety of offerings from vegetarian, to meat lovers, to gluten free offerings.   They also have lots of fun events throughout the year here, my favorite so far being the Indie Handicraft Exchange. If you haven't been to the Harrison Center, I highly recommend stopping by on a first Friday. And bring some cash, because you're bound to see some art you won't want to pass up!
the food is decent but nothing special.  he charboiled oysters are definitely the hottest item but i asked for them without batter or butter or cheese and the guy looked at me cross-eyed.  i had them anyway and liked em.  also tried the hedduro shrimp which was very tasty but got too salty after about 5 bites.  the portobello mushroom soaked up so much salt that it was inedible for me.  staff is really great and nice.  my favorite guy is the oyster chucker at the oyster bar.  he works so fast and is funny.
My first massage could not have been done at a better place!!  Massage Star is top notch!!! I was wanting to get relaxed after a long couple of weeks of nonstop running and I am definitely in a better place now!!!   I did the 1 hour full body massage.  Very affordable and was attentive to my needs if I needed a little less pressure.  Walked on my back, hot stones I am walking on clouds!!! Today was love on me day and this decision let me know I love me some me!    Remember if you don't love yourself it will be very hard to love others.  Blessings and I hope you get to pamper yourself here at Massage Star someday.  :-)
Stopped by the new location opening today on University and Park. Staff was super nice and explained the menu to my friend and I. Super clean and welcoming environment. I ordered the cheese curds (midwesterner in me) and the bird with fries; I have to say, the seasoning on the curds and fries were great! The front manager who worked the register, Fiesta, kept checking in on us and was super nice and friendly! My friend and I are excited to come back and try more items, especially the SmOreos and Mac n Cheese. We told all of our friends/coworkers about Fullyloves. Happy this place had an opening when all university students left for break, so I didn't have to wait in a long line- lol.
Not like Circle of old, buuuuuuuut glad it's back!!!!   Circle often imitated for example Circle H or Circle K... Really #whatthewhat!?!?? But never duplicated; because Circle is an original, a staple, a landmark in the Community & New Orleans at large.   Washed out by Hurricane Katrina & recently renovated & re-opened January 2014; Circle Food Store is open for business.   Journeying in the store, I was filled with emotions & anticipation of what would fill my eyes upon entry.   Different from preKatrina Circle, the space seems smaller, maybe it because it's more organized & detailed, but whatever the reason, #ilikeit. Streamlined check out lanes, a dedicated side counter/bill paying area that appears to handle a barrage of functions; did I see kids toys over yonder?   Walking in there's security in place, gives a good feeling. The produce is square front & center; how sweet is that, that helps to encourage #healthyeating. Further back are upright refrigerated units & then to the rear is the meat/deli area. I must admit, the meat/deli area was a little lackluster, but oh well.   When I initially walked in, I thought it to be likened to a mini-whole foods store; I only mention it for the sake of comparison. But after perusing the store, that feeling fled & Circle took on and identity of its own.   I did notice that the price points were quite moderate. Great for the area. Lots of foot traffic on this day I entered & that's great!!!!  I'm glad this facility has been reopened to service the community's grocery need  My one wish is to see Easter Baskets lining the exterior perimeter of the store like days of old.
What can I say....the food, service and atmosphere was great. This is a late post being that I had hand surgery afterwards, but nevertheless, it was great. We had the egg rolls, noodles with chicken, and some OMG shrimp that was crusted with pecans I think and was sweet. These were the best shrimp I've tasted in a long time. I ate it with some rice and I was in heaven. The only drawback was the location. You have to cut through the casino to get to it and I'm not sure if you can bring a child. I didn't care to cut through all the smoke to go have a meal. Besides that, it was awesome,!
Bad service all around.  I was trying to be friendly and ask questions for small talk.   Didn't work.  She was annoyed that I asked for lotion on my leg after she put a hot wet towel   Then was mad bc I didn't want the disposable flip flops and yanked them off, wiping clear polish off.   Then when I said something she was really mad.   Plus she didn't clean all the old polish off.   She huffed and puffed and rolled her eyes.   Very rude.  Then her and her other employee decided to talk in their language, so we wouldn't understand them   You could tell they were talking about us.   I kept a professional attitude and didn't say anything.   No reason to be rude to us, all bc she didn't want to be there.    This place was a dump and trashy looking.   Not a good job done on my toes Spoke to owner (Charlie) offered a re-do
8/23/19 Had a great time at The Royal house on our last night in New Orleans. Everyone here was so wonderful. Rooftop seating was a good place to experience all the sights and sounds at night. From the typist across the way feverishly clicking away on his typewriter, talented violinist playing across the street, many cruising by in their cars and party buses in various forms, lit up bicycles. Saw the NOLA police pull up on their bikes escorting a live band walking by. Loved our server, she was a doll. She made sure we were taken care of till the end, even though her shift was over. We loved New Orleans and promised to come back here and see her again!
We love this place and cant wait to go back next time we are in St. Louis. The ribs are amazing. Really well prepared. Served naked so you can add whatever sauce you prefer which are placed on the tables. They have like 6 options from mild to hot. My favorite was the St Louis sauce with hints of honey.   If you order 1/2 rib slab it comes with 2 sides. Some better than the others. We like their version of the potatoes casserole ( potatoes with cheese and other yummy things).  Place gets busy and tables are shared, so dont be surprised if you need to sit next to strangers. It was a fun experience overall.
While I love the idea of a drive thru Port of Subs, this was the first time I had used it. My reasoning for avoiding it was I like to be able to see what they are putting on my sandwich and making sure it's exactly how I want.   But today I was in a hurry so thought the drive through was the better option. I ordered my sandwich, she asked if I wanted pickles, peppers, olives. And as usual my answer is yes, extra olives please. I also wanted extra mayo as well and all the shakers, per my usual.  The lady at the window was very pleasant and friendly. I purchased my sandwich and headed to work. An hour later I opened my sandwich and was very disappointed; not only did my sandwich lack the extra mayo (just a small amount of mayo) they did not put pickles or peppers on my sandwich, no extra olives (just a few scattered throughout) or the shakers. I should have gone with my gut and not used the drive thru so I could monitor how it was made.   Most people are very particular about how their are made. I have been getting the same sandwich for almost 20 years. Don't mess with a girls #5, medium, wheat, extra mayo, pickles, peppers, extra olives, lettuce and all the shakers!  Edited to say: my order was not repeated back to me. Most drive thrus do this so there is no confusion. Also, today there was only one car ahead of me and it was relatively fast, though other reviews have had very long waits. All in all I recommend going in and not using the drive thru
If you are in Temple Terrace or Thonotosassa and crave excellent Mexican food, you need to visit Tequila's Mexican Restaurant @ 7827 Temple Terrace Highway.  The homemade salsa with their tortilla chips before the main course is excellent.  The service is quick and top notch.  My wife, daughter and I have not had an unpleasant experience there in the 12-15 times there and will continue to visit.The Mole is perfection. Try a Poblano Pepper with Mole. Makes my mouth water everytime. The Molcajete, I've probably spelled that wrong, is a concoction of Magic. It is a mix of Onions, Peppers, and meat in a sauce that is drink worthy. AMAZING.!!! If you don't try this place, you're a Fool.
Let's get the embarrassing stuff right out of the way: I didn't know the restaurant was associated with THE Kingsford, as in the grill-makers, until I had parked and was walking in. True confession... And also true: this place is good!   It was quieter than I expected on a Saturday night, but then again-we ate early (6:30). We also ate in the bar, so I missed watching the open kitchen/grill master technique, but that's just another reason to go back. There's also: tremendous cocktails, great live music, sweet servers, lots of free parking, convenient location (at Westshore Mall, in the old Mitchell's location, next to Besito) and hands down, the best chicken sandwich ever! I had them leave off the tomato, onion and aioli and it still packed a huge flavor punch with fully melted and gooey Muenster cheese and crispy bacon (four big pieces). The chicken was juicy and cooked to perfect "doneness"... and that bun. I'd go back just for the bun... truly.  And oh yeah, great fries! Salty, crispy on the outside-soft on the inside. Yum!   So yeah, I'm going back! We'll eat in the main part next time (there appears to be lots of seating). We'll look for ya. (I'll be the one with the watermelon margaritas)
I admit that for many years I went to the discount chain haircut spots. While I enjoyed the prices and avoiding the overly talkative old men at traditional barber shops, I did have to play Russian Roulette with whatever "stylist" I received, until I had one especially terrible experience that forced me to re-think my approach. Enter The Uptown Barber Shop.   The minute you walk in, you know you came to the right place. The barbers are all relatively young, relaxed in their demeanor, and committed to their work and making sure you get the cut you deserve. All of them pay close attention to detail, use high quality products, and obviously enjoy working together. The shop itself has stylish floors and a fun decor (though I'd probably take a bit more of a less-is-more approach to the nic-nacs, though I'm far from a style icon myself).  My go-to guy is Raul and he does an awesome job, but I don't think you can go wrong. Cuts are $30, which is only a bit more than the chains, but I come out of there every time feeling like I got my money's worth.
I have to say, to be honest, I have never sat foot int LBB--YET.  I live in Dallas, Texas so it's a bit of a commute.  However, my favorite author lives in St. Louis so she does a lot of business with them.  I have ordered an autographed copy of her last book from them, when it was released.  I intend to order the next from them as well.  The people that I have spoken to have all, without fail, been incredibly helpful and patient.  They always take the time to talk to me and never make me feel rushed or like I'm an inconveniencing them.  Their prices are fair and I would much rather support a local small book store than a big box store anyway, so even if I could somehow get what I want cheaper at Barnes and Noble I wouldn't do it just for the principal of the thing.  I am planning to try to get to St. Louis to meet my favorite author one of these days, when I do you can guarantee that I will be looking up LBB.  I am really looking forward to actually browsing the store, and I will be ordering other stuff from the website.  Their prices and customer service are just that good!
WOW. This place is incredible. Dianna and Gregory are the sweetest couple you will ever meet, and the authenticity of their food can't be beat. We went for my younger sister's "Gotcha Day" (the day she was adopted from Russia and we officially got her!). Dianna came out and was so enthusiastic and was able to tell us so much about the culture and food of Russia. Dianna recommended a traditional Russian wine that was phenomenal. Gregory played music all night, and even put on Tajik music after for us. My sisters biological parents are Tajik (Tajikistan). We felt like we were in Russia the entire meal! They have something for everyone. The Herring appetizer was incredible, as well as the Draniki. I had the Vareniki with carrots in milk sauce and sauteed vegetables. Definitely recommend that! I am going to have to go back soon to try the other dishes. My family all tried something different and the whole table was blown away with how good the dishes tasted.
I went here for a New Year's Eve dinner and was seated outside. I had a great table over looking the water & because it was NYE I was able to see fireworks from across the bay. For appetizers I had the stone crab and caprese salad. Which I had never had stone crab before so it was definitely a treat & very good. Next I ordered my dinner which I got the "twin bacon wrapped filet " with mashed potatoes and grilled veggies. It was very tasty! Also the bread with the dipping sauce was amazing. Lastly I had dessert. I got the chocolate cake with raspberry, it was delicious. It was a nice evening and my drinks were good as well. Our waitress Michelle was very attentive to know what to suggest on menu as well. I definitely recommend it was great.
I've had a good experiences here. I'm uninsured and I don't feel like I was charged an arm and leg just for someone to look at my skin. Everyone is very friendly and nice and pretty communicative about costs. Although I do wish there was more emphasis put on curing things rather than just treating symptoms. I was prescribed steroids right off the bat, which ultimately won't fix anything. I went back and had a biopsy done and just knowing what the issue is put my mind at ease. I've decided to take the matter in to my own hands and research some home cures before I take a conventional route. The doctors and nurses seemed okay with that. I think it's important to be informed about all the options before making a decision and having someone who specializes in skin issues tell me what the issue was really helped to put my mind at ease and allow me to do research to learn what I can for myself by myself with out harsh medications. Anyway these preliminary appointments provided a good place to start healing.
If we could give partial stars this place would be a 3.3. It's slightly above average. The creativity and unique methods that this place continues to utilize are top notch. Themes for classic movies. Late night movies for a younger crowd. Children's movies in the summer. No other theater does this to the extent that the Prytania does. But their organizational management methods are terrible. The movies are always late; if the show time is 7, the movie probably won't start until 720 and the previous movie might still be showing at 7. Slow concession stand workers. Uncomfortable seats. The person who sells the tickets also works the coffee stand (which takes time from one or the other), etc.  For the classic movies, the owner often speaks to the audience beforehand. He certainly gets my respect for maintaining the city's only old time movie theater (especially at his age) as well as the creativity that the theater has in the city. But if I'm there for a 10 o'clock show, which might still have the house lights on 10 minutes after show time,  I don't want anyone wasting more of my time by telling me useless facts about the movie. Plus many of the movies that are not new are shown on a disc format. This can lead and has led to problems such as the sound going out at a high point movie. It could be easy to avoid these problems with proper training and having systems in place for there occurrences.   I will continue to go to this movie theater but it may not be my first choice for new movies and I will be cautious when choosing to see their specialty movies (taking cost time and the actual movie into consideration first).
As far as doughnut shops in Reno go, this place is A1. Light and fluffy doughnuts. You can tell the oil is changed on a regular basis since the doughnuts are good tasting.  The toppings are of a sugary goodness that makes this non sweet eating guy lick his lips! Fingers too! If you want to eat there, they have decent coffee that will make the winter months go by quickly here in Reno.  You will receive friendly service regardless of location.   How does it compare to the competition?  Service: Doughboy is consistently better. Toppings: Doughboy is consistently better. Doughnut: Doughboy is consistently better and a lighter fluffier texture. Cleanliness: Doughboy is consistently better. I have yet to see a dirty floor there.  --------------- Bottom Line Yes, I would enjoy going back there again. I may not even wait for winter to come again. I may go there now!  WARNING: Eating doughnuts may cause your belt to shrink in size!
This is an awesome new spot in Nashville. They have had this location open only about six months as of this writing, but they really seem to have it together.   The Cider: When we visited there were 10 different ciders on tap. We went ahead and did the "mega" flight for $33 and tried all ten. There were only about two a piece that my wife or I didn't care for, but non so bad we left any in the glass!  She fell in love with one of their flagships, Tiki Tonik, a pineapple cider. As she was sipping on it and smiling and purring she started thinking about the ways she could use it in cooking too!  Haha.  Personally, my favorite was BTC, or Bourbon Tart Cherry. It's a blend of apple juice and tart cherry juice that is aged slightly in, you guessed it, bourbon barrels!  You can smell the barrel as soon as you put the glass to your lips and the flavors blend together beautifully!    As for other options they had 4-5 local craft beers on tap and they did cider based cocktails too.   They also have a chef on staff and serve a variety of snacks/small plate style offerings. We tried the smoked BBQ and really liked them. They also offer things like deviled eggs, mac'n cheese, lamb sliders and a charcuterie board  The space is quite large, both indoor and outdoor as per the norm anymore. The staff was fantastic and are great with suggestions if you don't know what to try. I'd just recommend trying them all
Like many other reviewers, I'm shocked at the value of Tulip's services. For $25 I had a relaxing foot and full body massage. We called in at about 6:30pm and they asked if we could be there by 7:15- no appointment needed! Clothes stay on so I recommend wearing a t-shirt or something with an open neckline and loose pants that can be rolled up. They will use lotion and reach under your shirt at the top to massage your neck and shoulders and your feet will soak in a basin of water. The lights are dim and a cloth is draped over your eyes so you won't even notice there are others in the room. In fact, I nearly fell asleep while my feet were massaged. With a $13 tip, my hour-long relaxing experience cost just $38. Service was also welcoming and professional. I'll be returning often!
Doggy Monday and we were there with my boy Tango and we were treated like royalty.  The owner came by every 10 minutes to ensure we were satisfied.  We sat al fresco, enjoying the cool evening.  Tango got two dishes of complementary flavored rice, plenty of water, and a bag of treats.  We started the evening with Yakitori and a "No Name" Roll that was exquisite, followed by the mandatory soup, Japanese-style salad, Chicken Teriyaki, and Diablo Roll.  Topped it off with plenty of Ocha and finished it with Banana Tempura (I'm lactose intolerant)...  And by the way, my partner doesn't do sushi but I crave it.  Well, there are menu selections for all tastes at Temaki.  Doggie Mondays at Temaki Sushi is an absolutely awesome way to get out of the house with our furry sons and enjoy a wonderful dinner.
I also bought a "Groupon " coupon. Alyssa told me to go on line to make an appointment.  I did and they day before my appointment she contacts me and states she doesn't start at time I selected and she is booked on her opening time.  I ask if she will honor the coupon due to the fact I had to leave town for a sick 94 year old dad.  She agreed to honor coupon.  Upon my returning back to Tucson we made an appointment for a Monday.  I question her if we were still meeting at the selected time.  She informed me she was booked and didn't have me as down as a scheduled patron.  I then try to get an appointment and all I receive are her newsletters and advertisements.  Burned again on Groupon coupon!  Some how Groupon needs to kick these people off their sites!  I suppose they get the money and smile on their way to the bank.
Good but not great. They still a few kinks to work out with staffing, but I will say everyone was very kind. My biggest complaint is that I found the price and proportions to be a bit off. I don't mind small portions for great food, but the Wagyu Tartare (for one example) was pretty underwhelming at $18. Compare the price and portion to other options around town (Answer has a fantastic beef tartare for $14 that is twice the size and equal/better quality) and you'll maybe understand why I'd equate the dining experience to the word "meh". Sushi rolls we're good, but not at a level for which I'd pay top of the local market price.
Well i would say this is 5- star.New place,and look like they are trying hard to crank up this place.Customer service-5 solid stars.Food 5 for now but i recommend a bit more liquid on the wings to make it right.Its not bad,just need a bit more.Happy to have this location on North.I dont really understand all the 1 star reviews for salads,and tacos and other bs.Im here for wings and beer.Wings are good,beer tap is big.This is it for me.Will come back for parm garlic and hot wings,wash it off with Batch 19 and call it a great dinner.Big like for a lot of big,brand-new TVs.
Horrible place to go, don't waste your time or money. Went there one time and went up to the bar to order a beer, the bartender girl kept telling me she would be right with me.. in come ten other guys and she serves each of them before me and each time .. "I'll be right with you".. not sure if it's cos I'm not caucasian and Tilted Kilt is meant for a place for white folk but I felt very rejected, after standing there for about half an hour like a fool and kept trying to order a beer I just simply walked out and I WILL NEVER GIVE MY BUSINESS TO THIS PLACE.
We dined in the restaurant tonight. Our server Jimmy was very nice and helped with a dinner choice.  Tea was served just after we were seated.   We started with a dragon roll and fried pork dumplings!   The presentation was beautiful. Sorry,  missed taking a few photos.    Both apps were excellently prepared in a timely manner.   We shared the Lamb with Cumin. Just amazing. The correct amount of heat as we were not looking for a spicy  meal tonight.   Very extensive menu, Asian Fusion, classic Chinese and sushi.
Popped in for some quick boba while strolling through Chinatown. I didn't want to go to KFTea or ViVi's or TeaDo since we have them in NYC. A quick Yelp search led me to Bubblefish, which is a tea house and sushi bar!   The cashier was super nice and directed me to a seating area to wait for my tea. Prices were reasonable and my boba tasted really fresh. The boba was very chewy and bouncy - I absolutely hate hard boba so this really hit the spot. Definitely a solid peach green tea boba!   The dining area was pretty full for a random Wednesday night so maybe I'll come back for dinner one night during my time in Philly.
On a family visit to this area, we were in desperate need for a good cup of coffee and The Farmhouse was just the place. The location is cute and cozy and has a feel reminiscent of a Chip and Joanna Gaines renovation. There is a nice amounting of seating available perfect for someone looking to fire up the laptop and work remote or perhaps write their next Yelp review! The staff was friendly and attentive and quickly took our order upon walking up to the counter. The coffee was fresh and hot and was clearly brewed regularly given the amount of customers present within the cafe and based upon how good the coffee tasted within the cup. My wife chose a non-fat vanilla latte which she absolutely raved about and noted that she would certainly get it again, which we did the next day before we headed out of town. If ever back into this area we will definitely be back to The Farmhouse for more great coffee!
My friends and I have been travelling to Nashville for years for birthdays, bachelorette parties and concerts.  We thought we knew it all.  So on our most recent trip we decided to book a pub crawl since it was a bachelorette party and we wanted to mix things up.  We had SO MUCH FUN!  Tanner was our guide and he did great corralling our crazy group of rowdy 20-somethings and did his best to throw in some history when we would listen.  The tour itself was $15 per person- you get a coozie, some drunk history and a change of pace.  Well worth it in my opinion.  They took us to a rooftop bar on top of the George Jones museum that we never would have stumbled upon on our own.  We want to multiple other bars that we had been to but we got to learn some history along the way.  The best part of this tour was that I think if we needed a lot of structure it would have been there, but we were laid back and so was our guide.  It was a great change of pace from our normal Nashville trip and I recommend it for first timers and new-be's alike!
This is an ol' favourite and if you're seeking desserts, you're likely in the right place! I like how they separate the dessert-only line from the eating full meals crowds and the fact that they use a chalk board to show the menu.  I ate a bagel with brisket and it was so delicious! And then I had the best strawberry shortcake I had had in years! I even brought some of it home and the whipped cream was still quite awesome the next morning when I ate my leftovers!  Vi's is a great place, and my dining companions also enjoyed their meals and desserts (because you can't not eat dessert when you're here!).
The service is great, and the price is reasonable.   I've taken my stained silken shirts, my button-up shirts with funky yellow pit-stains, my dusty coats, and my suits. They have never failed to get a stain out (you just have to point it out), and the suits are always nicely pressed afterwards.   They're usually very quick to take care of orders, and the job is always done in a few days. They give you discounts if you take your clothes in during the week (Tuesdays, I think). It also has the benefit of being University City's most convenient and reliable cleaner (in my experience).  My only concern is that they don't do their cleaning in-house.
Way overpriced for what is here.. The buildings are infested with ants/termites. To many large dogs being allowed here and no one is picking up after them. Dogs barking constantly and nothing is being done. Feral Cats everywhere. Shitty rush paint jobs walls and ceiling cracking. Alot of hidden fees PLUS you have to pay an average for your entire buildings water and sewer use. Trash pickup and technology package (cable and Internet) fee are mandatory in rent. WARNING: this wasnt explained until after lease is signed. Alot of things go unfixed around complex despite a good nunber of so called "maintenance workers". Office has lots of excuses and "oh, we are sorry." Nothing will be done. I could go on but got better things to do.  My advice, steer clear of here.
At least the name is accurate.  My food was indeed a "Longway" away, as each individual dish trickled out at about one per 20 minutes.  For a table for five that had ordered appetizers and entrees.  It appeared the kitchen could only cook one item at a time as each table that ordered the same salad would get that dish within minutes of each other, then another long wait time.  I hope the kitchen was just short staffed, as it was probably the worst wait for food I've had in this city.  Two stars because at least the food was good, but not worth half an entire day for one meal.
Have eaten here twice and pleasantly surprised both times. Pizza is the best I've had in a long time- we get the Brooklyn style pizza and sub vodka sauce- it's amazing. Chicken francaise was fresh on a bed of perfectly cooked angel hair; incredibly flavor and I ate the entire thing.   Just ordered take out tonight, cheesesteak with fried onions, chicken parm, and pizza. Everything perfect, fresh and delicious. One of the best cheesesteaks I've had in awhile.   We're happy to have found this delicious Italian restaurant that's convenient and doesn't involve a trip to the city. Highly recommended.
The location of this hotel is the reason for the low rating. It is in an area that feels like it could have the tendency to have criminal activity given the fact that all of the working guys who were staying at the hotel seemed to strategically park their vehicles deliberately under the parking lot lights.   The room was reasonably clean. The bed was ok in the way of comfort. The continental breakfast had a decent array of both hot foods - scrambled eggs, bacon, Belgian waffles, etc. Cold foods -  breakfast cereal, bread for toast, coffee, tea, juice, milk, etc. The employees were friendly and courteous. The only drawback might be the location, but we did not have any problems. We just parked in a well lit area and all was well.
TERRIBLE!!! I ordered earlier in day for delivery at 7:00pm. At 7:30 I tried calling but call kept ending! Then web page crashed. Tracker for door dash showed her driving up roads and turning around!! We are very easy to locate!! She arrived at 7:55!! The fish and fries were cold, and fries were actually soggy from getting wet from rain!! I had to recook everything. If I had wanted to be in the kitchen, I would NOT have wanted to "eat out"!! We had gotten the fish dinner at a different location and fish was wonderful. This fish was just Captain Gordons that I actually have in my freezer! TERRIBLE!!! Never again. This was at Avon Gables location.
When traveling on the work dime I am limited to the lowest cost and smallest car (unless I can justify otherwise in writing before my trip).  As a result I have had some not so good rental car experiences.  This trip I found myself with Avis in a Hundai Accent.    My flight didn't land in Boise till almost midnight and by the time I retrieved my bag it was almost 1am.  Luckily they are open until at least 1am.  The lady at the desk was nice and took all my necessary information.  I signed my papers got my keys and was on my way.    The car was just what I needed, clean, small and economical, with the ability to get me from point A to point B and then some. Now I am not tall and had I been taller this car would have been uncomfortable.  The car was even equipt with XM radio. I am a lifetime subscriber and love certain channels so it was nice to have that option.    Returning it was just as easy.  I drove up to the kiosk leave my keys in the ignition and a lady came out and issued my invoice.    Simple....no frills and met my needs...
Quite a few years back I went to this practitioner because she was seeing patients out of the office of a chiropractor I was seeing and she was convenient and "holistic". Today I was going through some old papers and came across her bio from that time. I was curious to see if she was still practicing because my experience and impression of her was so negative. In all fairness, this was at least 10 years ago but apparently she is still practicing and from reading the "real" reviews on yelp, I see others had similar experiences albeit 10 years later.  She was odd and unprofessional. The specifics of my appt are vague now but I do remember that she told me she could and would prescribe and treat me for any and all Issues, like one stop shopping. She could be my gynecologist and my psychiatrist as well as my GP. At one point, she stepped out of the room to an adjoining space/closet that was separated from the exam room with a curtain, I think. She proceeded to make or take a phone call on her cell phone that was personal and was speaking to whoever on the other end using a tone and words that were alarming. All I could think was "WTF is wrong with this lady. Is she really a doctor? Is this a joke?" I left that day feeling like I had just been to the twilight zone. This was just my experience. She may be different today. I've attached her bio from that time period.
While on break at work today, I decided to head over to BurgerFi. It was about 4:45 (I work late) and the restaurant was practically empty. I was happy of course because I didnt want to deal with waiting too long for food or listening to everyone talk while I tried to enjoy my meal. I was greeted as I walked in and the person behind the counter told me some of the more popular selections.   I eventually ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger since it was something I've had before, I wanted to compare it to other burgers. It came out quickly after I ordered it and I have to say it was delicious. Im thinking they might have used butter when cooking the burger or something but it really did have an added taste that set it apart from a normal burger.  I also ordered a side of fries and I recieved a good size basket. The fries were good but nothing really to be wowed by. There we condiments on the counter but i'm not a huge fan of Ketchup and fries (Sorry Not Sorry)  The manager was very attentive and asked me if I needed anything else while I ate and also told me to have a good day as I left the building.   Overall a very good experience with BurgerFi, I will definitely be back, this time to be a bit more adventurous with my burger selection ;)
I have the Auntie Anne's app on my phone and they always have coupons so when in the mall we often stop and get pretzels. I like the mini hot ones and we like the almond one. We will get 2 items and share.  There is always a line. Always. They seem to be well staffed, but always seem to need to make new ones and it will be 10 minutes, but it's more like 20. So be prepared to wait.  They send you a free birthday pretzel as well. So for sure get the app. You earn free items after so many you points as well.
Legit huge place to shop. All kinds of outdoorsie items can be had here. Sean H. and I came one night to check out some guns. It was there, that I fell in love with the Ed Brown 1911 and then became subsequently depressed that I didn't have an extra $3,000something just lying around to spend on a gun! Ffff!   The staff was helpful and friendly, no complaints there.  We also checked out their "General Store" in the far back of the actual store. A store within a store.....weird, huh? STORECEPTION. Or something. I saw they had a variety of food-stuffs such as venison jerky (mmm), candy, relish spreads, mustard dips, and of course fudge! I got a piece of the plain choco fudge to go and I moaned as I ate it later. Unffff. Most people seem surprised when I tell them that Cabela's sells fudge and that it is also freakin' awesome. So yeah, if you aren't the regular "clientele" of Cabela's and you find yourself in this huge store doing shopping for a friend or s.o. or something, go get some fudge!   And have fun looking at all the taxidermy stuffed animals, hehehe. I was surprised that they actually had info for some of them, so it was sort of like going to a mini museum...of dead, stuffed critters. Bwhahaha.
I came in before my flight because Indian food sounded great. Found this place in downtown Boise.   I don't put up a lot of reviews, but this place has the best kheer I have ever had. Kheer is a rice pudding dessert for those who don't know. I am currently on my 4th serving since it is one of the items available during their lunch buffet. I only like Indian buffets if there is kheer, and this place has kheer.   They also have a unique selection of alcohol but I didn't order any.   Now onto my 6th serving of kheer. Don't judge me.  Note: they also have Mexican Coke. Also, fresh naan comes with the lunch buffet. Both are good.
Honestly one of the best messages I've ever had and I've had many a massages with having a regular massage therapist in the past. It's also completely affordable and with every penny plus more. Or was a deep tissue massage and my masseuse seemed to know how to dig in at different angles where the usual "pain" was non- existent except for those spots where the tension struggle was real! I highly recommend this establishment!   Side note, I did not schedule their 30 minute foot massage and regret it because I know it would have been amazing!  Also, just a reminder to tip you masseuse similar to tipping a server!
Corporate management better take a look at this store! My husband and I have driven 30 miles out of our way to get Krispy Kreme's while on vacation. We are krispykremeholics. We were so excited to see them come back to Tucson. When they opened, the lines were extraordinary. We stayed away until they calmed down. The first trip for us was great. But each trip back got worse. Every visit after they were out of something we loved. Last night I went through the drive thru and the first FOUR types of donuts I asked for they were out of. I ended up with 6 glazed. I wanted chocolate frosted white cream filled. When I got to the window the kid taking orders told me the "shells" for the filled donuts didn't come in so they couldn't make them. This place will go out of business if they don't improve. I've heard many complaints. Come on, Krispy Kreme corporate management, get down here and straighten your Tucson mess up!!!
Reservations were for 5:30 and we were told after ordering that they were out of their "special"  crab dish even though our waiter told us about the special.  Lack of training on wait staff as we experienced the following:  waiter yelled across the table for each order instead of going to each person around the table.  This is very unprofessional.  As waiter removed plates he held dirty dish over one of our friends and dropped oil on her blouse.  The restaurant is noisy and tables very close to each other. Lots of salt used in the entrees.  I will never go there again.
First the service was really bad and very slow.  When we finally did get our food 3 of the 4 meals had to go back.  I ordered the 10oz ribeye. It was cold and the other meals which were sirloins were undercooked. My sons steak was also undercooked and barely warm, he just did not want to wait for it to cooked correctly  When I got my steak they did not give me a new one so it was overcooked.  I had to wait again for a new steak and when I it came back it was undercooked.  I just took and for the 4th time asked speak with the manager.  When she finally showed up, she said she was sorry and would give us a discount.    When I got the bill there was no discount applied.  The waitress had to go ask her about it.  It was real apparent the Manager was not invested in what was going on in this restaurant.  You know when all the meals served are not cooked correctly there is a PROBLEM.  Not all of the their restaurants are like this but quality and service are a problem here.
Wonderful five star service and my full compliments to the chef. For appetizers we highly highly HIGHLY recommend the pork belly. It's like Heaven melting in your mouth. We also tried the three soups. Caution on the turtle soup - it is heavy on the sherry.  For entrees we had the stuffed quail which was simply delightful but a tad heavy. My husband had the shrimp and grits which was very well seasoned. The flavors were rich and aromatic. I very much enjoyed the fried oyster in his dish. And finally, for dessert - of course we ordered the bread pudding souffl  which I thought was too sweet. However, the pumpkin/ginger/ice cream selection was very nicely balanced. A plus is if you are celebrating a special occasion, they highlight your table with balloons and you get to wear a special chefs hat if it's your birthday!! Overall, great experience.
First visit ordered the 6 piece large chicken tenderloins and 2 orders of white bean and escarole soup. I had the chicken and my girls had the soup and they both said the soup was good but my daughter said it wasn't her cup of tea and wouldn't order it again she originally wanted three bean chili my wife, who also wanted the chili originally, liked it and she would get it again. The chicken was AWESOME I am a very picky eater, my wife says I am a pain in the you know what, and I agree what can you do...anyway I chowed down on the chicken I ordered them in the mild sauce which was sweet with just the right amount of heat and I ordered them floured..OMG they were so good nice white meat chicken that was juicy and tender...I'm getting hungry again just thinking about it! Nice people running the place too I was taken care of by a very sweet young lady, maybe 12 or 13, she also took my order when I called in. All in all a very good first experience and we will definitely be eating here again!!!
Expectations were not up to what we were told, the buffalo chicken wings were not fresh, had an "old" smell and taste was freezer burn, pizza crust needed to be cooked at least another 10 minutes, the penne with marinara and sausage was dry, very little sauce, our meal was well over 55.00, I ate only 1 chicken wing, smothered it with blue cheese dressing. Bottom line the food was definitely not appetizing. The staff are youth and didn't take their jobs seriously, swearing in the kitchen could be heard in the dining area, not going back, if I am going to be paying for what was expected to be a appetizing meal I expect the meal to be what I paid for.
Stop what you're doing.  Proceed to Sweet T's. NOW.  OMG. This teeny bakery is a hidden gem. We found them on accident (thank you Yelp App) and are SO HAPPY WE DID.   I tried their French Toast cupcake and it was like biting into a sweet, chewy piece of Sunday morning. It wasn't overly powerful and it wasn't overly sweet. My hubs had the Creamsicle cupcake. It was like eating the ice pop! Both cupcakes were perfectly moist and the icing wasn't overwhelming at all.  We had to get more To Go, so we ordered her Blueberry Velvet and Cranberry. Both were so delicious, I dream about them.  Chris (the owner) has gorgeous cakes and is beyond friendly. And hey, she was on Cake Boss.  Great. Now I need a cupcake.
I noticed this book store during the Irvington ghost tour and have been wanting to come check it out for awhile, finally got the chance to, and it's a must visit if you enjoy both books and music.  The space is two open rooms, the first room has a collection of well know books, children's books, and magazines from local authors. There are also a few vintage dresses to chose from as well. You may see the cute bookstore cat, not sure of its name, but it's a sweet cat that isn't scarred of people. The second room has more books to chose from, they are sectioned off by just general authors, a science fiction and tarot section. If you are a vinyl lover, this is the place for you, there was a huge selection of records and cassettes. Couldn't list all the music choices because there was just so many! Very reasonably priced! Friendly staff, I'll be back again to shop
This place had been one of my favorites since it opened with good food at reasonable prices.  Tonight g/f and I went there for NYE dinner as we had done twice before.  Place was not nearly as busy as expected and we got table on time (reservations). From there it went down hill.  Had to get our own menus,  then separate NYE menu. ..then waited 25 minutes for server and bread.  After ordering,  food arrived about 30 minutes.  I had steak and shrimp scampi. ...horrible scampi. .what there was of it.  4 small to medium shrimp.  Steak ordered medium,  arrived med-well. G/f had prime rib...ordered medium,  arrived well to very well.  Both our drinks sat empty for 15-20 minutes. ...twice.  And...they were rude  from the reservations to hostess to waitress.  One expects more for 35/person (excluding drinks).  As I said,  this has been a regular of mine in past.  Will not be going back anytime soon.
This place was okay, it wouldn't be my first choice though.  We hit up O'Byrne's on a Thursday for 1/2 price nachos and $2.25 sleeves of yellow head. In total our bill was $12.37 which made my little PF heart sing with delight... see people dinning out can be affordable you just have to find the specials!   I wouldn't however want to pay full price for the nachos as they were a little burnt around the edges.  I found the staff were inattentive and it wasn't busy so that turned me off a little. I'd come here again on a Thursday but that's because you can't beat the price for 2 people eating out!
My quest to eat at every Dot's location is now complete. If you're looking for a classic diner with good, reasonably priced, food find yourself any of Dot's five locations.  In case you were not aware, I am a ridiculous human being. A while back one of my co-workers suggested we get breakfast for lunch and that Dot's is where we should go. We went, and it was great. That is when we decided we should visit every location and see which is the best.   This location is located right in the heart of Kenna Brah. I'm pretty sure Kenna people get mad when you call it that, but I am from the West Bank. We have to have someone to make fun of to distract from our own inadequacies. This location is super convenient if you decide you need breakfast before flying out, breakfast after flying in, or like me, world famous breakfast for lunch.  For me, this Dot's came in at #2. Service was super friendly and personal and we were made to feel like regulars even though it was our first visit.  The food was classic breakfast fare and the cook here knew what he/she was doing. It always perplexes me how Dot's can make their eggs taste so good and this location's were pretty much perfect.
This is the second time I and my family have been to Amigos Cantina. The food is fantastic! Quality food with quality service! Best of all was Chuck Levy the magician! This is the second time we got to experience his performance at the restaurant and it was great! He travels from table to table in order to give each group an individualized show. His magic keeps you guessing and his jokes make the table break down laughing all the while. His performance is a nice touch that helps pass the time in between ordering and receiving your food. Unbeatable combination of great food and fantastic magic by Chuck!
Just moved back to Tampa after living in south Florida for 5 years and was recommended to come here for the best facials and massages in Tampa/Wesley chapel. Gina was my esthetician and she was all around amazing. My face has never felt better and she was so nice and took really great care of my skin. They have great specials on Tuesdays especially for massages so I decided to get one the following week from Felix. He was awesome, super friendly and did a great job. I have a problem in neck area and after our session it felt completely better. He seemed to be very experienced and the pressure he gave was perfect. I don't usually prefer men therapists but he was so professional and kind I would totally recommend him to anyone looking for a great massage.
This place is absolutely amazing! I've been going here for about 7 years now. The doctors are very professional and excellent.   I recently just had to euthanize my pug. Dr. Majeska was amazing. She was so compassionate. The vet tech was even crying with us. When we were finished, Dr. M had the tech lead us down a back set of stairs so that we would not have to walk through the lobby devastated.  I love how they email you the VERY detailed discharge information after your visit!  They also have a groomer named Leslie who is AWESOME!!!   I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!
I can't say enough positive things about these guys. They were right on time, called the day before and the morning of to confirm, and arrived ready to work. They did a walk through with us of the house, made sure we were all on the same page about what items were going, and got to it. They quickly wrapped all our furniture in heavy duty blankets and plastic wrap, and then expertly packed the moving truck like they were Tetris aficionados. Beyond doing a great job moving, Prince and Joey were kind, polite, and very nice to talk to. They even took a moment to pet our dogs when they got there to make our furry friends more comfortable!  Even with some really heavy solid wood pieces they made the move look easy. I was being a OCD about adding little felt pieces to the bottom of all the furniture and they happily obliged, even though it meant they had to hold all this heavy furniture up even longer for me. They helped us reassemble all our pieces and double checked to make sure we were happy with the placement of all the items in the new house. The prices were super reasonable and honestly... worth every penny. We chose this moving company based on all the positive Yelp reviews and are so happy we did. We even took a selfie because we were so impressed!
Put this on my top five of Best Food Truck-Turned Brick and Mortar Restaurants! Guerrilla Street Food managed to pull it off in this cozy spot literally a stone's throw from the bustling South Grand restaurant scene! The food is just as amazing as on the truck, and the ambience is fantastic. Love the Filipino fusion! The menu may be small, but when you're doing something right, why not stick to it? Of course The Flying Pig is their top sell (or The Wandering Pig if the egg is too much for you), but the Chicken Adobo is pretty good, too. Beverage selections are decent (not that many soda options, which is probably a good thing). And of course I'd be remiss if I didn't mention their Take A Coat, Leave A Coat program in the winter. So nice to have a place that's not only good for food and a gathering spot, but does its part in the community!
Spendy place. Prices were a bit steep for the portion size and quality of food. We ordered the pitcher of margarita because each single drink was about $10, which is a bit absurd considering the amount of alcohol in them were minimal. Ordered the chicken and beef tacos for two which came will all the fixin's and sauces on the side. The actual dish came out in a nice bit pot which was a great way to present it. The food was good but not amazing and definitely not worth the price. They gave us 8 tortillas but the meat could only make maybe 6 tacos and the rest of the pot was full of veggies. Mind you the veggies were delicious but I come from the south and the protein is suppose to be the star.   Could not complain about the staff, super friendly waitress and hostess. We were fitted in and were told that the table was needed at a certain time, so they were upfront before seating us. Very professional and they were busy. The decor was cute, it was definitely a hipster vibe, would not call it Hispanic in origin but I liked the vibe of the venue. Large and small tables with booths. Open spaces, bar in the middle. Not too dark or bright. Overall, 5 stars for decor and staff, but only 2-3 stars for food, prices, portions, and absolutely no parking except for street (but of course it is the city so it is expected).
This was my fourth time visiting this place and my last. The food is amazing when brought out hot but the customer service is horrible. I made reservations for a group of 15 for a Sunday afternoon. I called back on 2 separate occasions to confirm the date, time, and number in party. When I arrived today prior to my reservation, I was told that either my party would have to be broken up or we would have to wait 40 minutes to possibly be seated together. When I spoke to the manager, I was told they stopped taking reservations for groups on Sunday because it was their busiest day. I was also told that they couldn't put any tables together to accomodate us. When I asked why this wasn't communicated on the 2 separate occasions that I called to confirm or when I made the reservation she didn't have an answer. She just reiterated that Sunday was their busiest day.  We ended up sitting at separate tables and got our food at seperate times and piecemeal.  The waffles weren't hot. The bar didn't have grenadine to make shirley temples. Two people in the party waited almost an hour for chicken wings after everyone else had gotten their food at their table. The young lady who ordered fries with her wings was brought lukewarm fries on 2 occasions. At that point, the manager gave us something off the bill but needless to say we won't be back.  The server was good though, she did the best that she could under the circumstances.
-------------------------------------OPEN 24 HOURS 7 DAYS------------------------------------ This is a new diner that just opened on October 15th. The inside has been completely rehabbed  from the previous owners. The waitstaff are very friendly and accommodating. The owners are on site and also very warm and friendly.   I've had lunch here twice so far and each time was terrific. Ruben Grill comes with a cup of soup, French Fries, & Cole Slaw $7.75!! The other time I had a Grilled Cheese w/ Bacon and Tomato, Fries and Cole Slaw $5.75. Both were excellent and you can't beat the price.  They have a very extensive menu too large to name, but it runs from breakfast fare to Prime Rib and 10oz Rib Eye steaks. Check out their menu at: www.PapasNewYorkDiner.com  I wish these folks all the best. This is definitely a huge up grade from the previous restaurants that occupied this spot.   The address is 1764 Gulf To Bay Blvd. (Rt 60) Clearwater (corner of Keene Rd.)
Awful.  Unclean-- things lying around on the floor.   They used a brush on my feet that did not appear to be individually sterilized.  Yuck.  My daughter and I came in at the same time for pedicures.   They left one of us to soak for nearly 40 minutes while the other was being done.  They should have told us in advance it would be that long.  Plus, there were plenty of techs to help out, they just didn't.   They did try to upsell as other reviewers mentioned.    The pedicures were okay, thus the 2 stars.  But they didn't do the tips of the nails so they will likely chip.    Finally, not at all friendly staff.    Not recommended.
I absolutely love this gym. The trainers are knowledgeable and friendly. They are truly there to help you with every aspect of your fitness and health. They will modify workouts if you need to, while also challenging you to be your best self. They are family friendly, and allow you to bring your children, as long as they are safely in their stroller, or sitting on the couch to the side. For a parent, that is a game changer. They have amazing hours, and you basically have no excuse not to be able to make a class. They are always purchasing new equipment, as well as give you incentives for bringing in the family or friends. I've made so many great friends through this gym. Come take a class!
Probably one of my favorite Vietnamese place in all of New Jersey. The food is fantastic and it's all really cheap.  FOOD: Very authentic! I think that's hard to come by on the East Coast. There's so many options from com (rice) to bun (noodles) to of course pho. I have tried several dishes and they're all fantastic. The portion sizes they give are all very generous so you will definitely be leaving full and satisfied.   SERVICE: I thought the service was pretty standard. The wait staff is attentive to your drinks and when you want to order. I wouldn't say it was amazing, but it's much better than the service in most other Asian restaurants.  AMBIANCE: Well-lit restaurant with Vietnamese music playing in the background, all the time, guaranteed. I really like how spacious it is and there's a ton of seating so there's never a wait. It's usually quiet, which makes it very casual to either be by yourself or just talk amongst some friends.  OVERALL: I don't think the service here is fantastic. However, the food more than makes up for it. You can get so much for so cheap and it makes for a great place to stop in for authentic Vietnamese food!
I rented from this company for a short time before having my lease taken over by a friend of mine.  I returned home for a month while still having the lease and told management to leave the stuff in my room for the next tenant who was my friend and they said it was fine. When we returned valuable items were stolen from my room and the management said that they did take it out after telling me that nothing would be touched.  After acknowledging that they had removed the stuff I sent them prices of what was taken with evidence and they only compensated a third of what the stolen items were worth.  These people scam their tenants to make easy money and I would highly recommend staying away from them.
We contracted Valley Oasis Pools to build our new pool and outdoor area. They came highly recommended from several of our friends and neighbors. From the first meeting we had with Terry D.  Our designer we new that we had called the right company. I won't say that our pool was an easy design but Valley's workers made every step of the process look easy and they were all very professional to deal with. We now have the nicest pool in our neighborhood. From  its unique shape and the beautiful natural rock water fall to our great outdoor kitchen and sitting area the work that they did was top notch. I would highly recommend Valley Oasis Pools if you are considering a pool  1 happy customer DP
Your pretty average 7/11. What's pretty cool about this one is that they sell tokens as well as parking passes. I don't know how much the parking passes are but the tokens are $5 (which is a bit of a rip off. But it's convenient so can't complain). The staff is pretty friendly no complaints there. The only thing I would be aware of is during but 3-4:30 pm is when the lines get pretty long and Sev can get pretty crowded only because the school kids from the local high schools and middle schools like to come here in huge groups and bombard the store but other than that. It's pretty chill here.
ZERO STARS - GO TO ASIAN KITCHEN ACROSS THE STREET  The lady that rang me up was rude, never said a word & threw my reciept and card on the counter for me to sign. I ordered a chicken wing meal with plain fried rice, 2 spring rolls & a veggie lo mein. I was charged for two chicken wing meals. They appeared to look the exact same, but I was given pork fried rice & didn't notice until a few bites in bc the meat was under the rice. I haven't eaten pork in years and was sick to my stomach! This is super upsetting you can't serve a certain food to someone as they could have allergies, religious reasons, vegetarian, etc. The dough for the spring roll was still raw inside. The chicken wings were chewy you couldn't even bite thru the skin. The lo mein was sitting in soup pouring out the container. I called and whoever answered said okay no problem we'll refund you. I went back w the food and had to explain the problem again and the lady grabs the bag slams it in the trash and demands for my card and snatches it out my hand!  Definitely won't return here. This place is a joke. Go to Asian kitchen across the street.
WARNING: If you plan to go here after 6PM, bring a snack because you will be waiting. It's like hitting the jackpot if your wait is under 30min. Unfortunately, they don't take reservations, but sometimes that a key indicator that the place is a local favorite.   The two things I love most about this place are the extensive menu and the ambiance. You could look for days at the spiral bound menu with entrees from every inhabited continent.  There is literally something for EVERYONE. ATTENTION GF PEEPS (gluten-free people): they have gluten-free buns and a gluten-free pasta option.   Every time I come my server is friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.   My one question leaving the restaurant: has it been decorated with an Egyptian theme or Mediterranean theme????
I've never done a spray tan before & I was a little nervous about the process. Since it was necessary for a wedding, I checked this place out. They were very friendly on the phone, ensuring they'd help me out and not go too dark. When I arrived, I was greeted and they walked me through the entire process. They gave me clear instructions on how long to wait & important aftercare!  The space itself is in a somewhat random spot, but it's very cute inside. Great decor & it feels very comfortable. They also provide lots of other services like lashes.  I'll definitely be back here when I need another service, especially with the wonderful staff!
Wanted a nice meal for lunch. We love Irish places so looked this one up as we were going through town. Located just off main street we parked across the street in the parking lot.   They have a nice patio with umbrellas to keep the sun off. Smoking is allowed on the patio. We chose inside since we aren't fond of smoke during our meals.   Sat at the bar. The place is dark and woody which is exactly how we like it. The door was open so some smoke did make it's way inside. The bartender provided us menus and took our drink order. A few decent selections on tap. The menu was nice size and there is something for everyone.   I chose the irish chili which was thick and filling. Fresh jalape os, cheese, onions and sour cream in it. Delish!  My dining mate had the ultimate irish sandwich that was very large. It was good and enough for 3 meals for him.   Bathrooms were clean. TV's if you want to watch them. Several locals sitting at the bar and outside smoking. They knew the bartender well enough to call them by name.   We would return if in the area. The only negatives were the bartender seemed to talk in an 'outdoor' voice all of the time. They also placed business orders (this many vodkas, this many ciders) right smack beside us while we were trying to enjoy a meal. Besides those two things we enjoyed our time here.
We have been here several times and I really like this theatre.   It's small enough to be intimate, yet large enough to bring in some good acts.   Location is great as it's right on the water and not a busy area of St. Pete.  It's nice to arrive a little early and walk around outside.     The inside has security which is good, and then seating areas with several places to get drinks.    We sat in the first row, upstairs, and I liked the view because nobody was in front of me.   The bad news was there was no leg room.   The seat behind us had loads of leg room, so that's good to remember for next time.   Also, maybe because of the level of our seats, but the lights were blinding us during certain parts of the show.  Overall, good experience and I hope they continue to bring in good acts.
Food was delicious! Service was great... Our waitress greeted us with such a warm smile and was very thorough with the menu... She easily talked us into starting with the warm yummy monkey bread!!! Took me awhile to decide what I should get since alot of things on the menu sounded so good... I opt'd to go with the chicken and waffle (if you want to substitute the chicken, white or dark meat, it costs a lil more), hubby got the meatloaf.... The gravy for the chicken was a little bit salty, but other than that, it was delicious!!! Hubby said the meatloaf tasted just like a homemade dish he had at his friends house years ago. Comfort food.. Nice... Everything was amazing. The waitress even said she was glad we finished our food =)  Seating was a lil uncomfortable.. My hubby and I are not big ppl, but we prefer to have more space, a lil roomier.. to be comfy... The two seaters are tight. I'm not being greedy, but next time, i might just ask them for a bigger booth..   We'll come back to try their other dishes....
Based on my one night stay in late November, this is a great resort. We stopped here while passing through town. Check-in was easy and the front desk clerk was very nice.   Self parking here is free and it was a short walk to our building, building H. The resort is spread out but they offer golf cart service so if you're unable to make the walk just request a pickup by the golf cart.   Our room, on the first floor, was nice. The room was clean and spacious and the bed very comfy. After a long day of driving we decided to order room service. The person taking the order over the phone was polite and accurate with the order. I was given a 30-40 minute estimate on food but it actually arrived in about 20 minutes. I definitely recommend the hummus plate and the kids chicken quesadillas (it's huge). Through the night the place was quiet.   We were able to checkout through Marriott's app and all the charges were accurate.   If ever in the Tucson area again, I would definitely consider staying here.
Server AM B #333 was  Server AM B #333 was absolutely horrible and rude. She didn't want to be bothered. Shoved a menu at us and then took forever to return to grab our order.  The bartender was rude as well.  Instead of letting you know there was no bar service and everything was by server only he was abrupt and short and very dismissive. There was no signage explaining to  A-seat yourself and B- no bar service available. You had to ask and then be rudely informed on what to do.  Mind you this was done to numerous customers after the fact. This place has a great location and cool vibe but the service asp needs to be worked on.
I was visiting St. Louis with some friends and we decided to order from Delfino'a on our last night in town.  After looking through their website we ordered online and got a confirmation email.  All good, right?  Wrong.  15 minutes after I placed our order I get a phone call from Slice, which I guess is a third party ordering company?  Anyways they said this restaurant was not accepting online orders at this time and our order was being cancelled.  I was kinda taken aback but said whatever.  So we decide to call our order in instead, because everyone was kinda excited for pizza at this point.  It took over another hour for them to get the pizza to us.  By the time it was all said and done, it was close to an hour and a half since I first placed the online order.  The pizza was okay, but not great.  Not happy with any part of this experience.
All I have to say is this is the Best Sushi I have had in the Southwest.  From the freshness of the fish (which I can almost guarantee Yamato uses a distributor that NO ONE else in Tucson uses), to the warm welcome, Yamato is a true gem.  It astonishes me that a place like Sushi Garden (the Olive Garden of sushi restaurants) can be voted best of Tucson, it is not even close to the best.  Yamato is truly a special place, with people from all over the world looking forward to dining there when in town for the Gem show or various golf events.  When you go, try a spicy yellowtail roll, cured salmon, and a green mussels...all of which will have you closing your eyes with pleasure, and then to realize that the person across from you is struck with the same feeling.
The place is electric, packed at 7:00 on a Saturday night, filled with the young & beautiful set.  Now, let's get down to why we went.  The Short Ribs were LONG on large (Garganelli?) pasta & short on Beef. The Hot Chicken was a little too spicy for my tolerance (told by waiter that he really likes the dish & he can't take any heat) with thick, caked-on-hard breading.  I liked the three tiny Lamb Meatballs, but thought the Grits to be grainy (Yankee style) & not fluffy.  They actually had the color & texture of polenta (cornmeal) more so than grits.  My wife's dessert Cobbler was so-so.  The best looking meal at our table was the White Asparagus Soup, Scallops with mushrooms substituted for the Brussel Sprouts (yuck) side, & the Gelato dessert.  Our friend said his was a great meal.  Our service was a tad distant & sporadic given the heavy business.  We'd return but try other items.
Worst  experience 0 stars. DO NOT bother cleaning the place you are renting because you won't receive your deposit back& if you do receive anything it won't be worth the time and energy you spent cleaning. $600+ for cabinet and floor cleaning charges, the kitchen cabinets and floor weren't even worth $600 at the swap meet. I would never EVER recommend doing business with this company.  Super unprofessional and most properties they manage are trash... not a single good review of this business or Tom, I'd stay farrrrr away from Merritt Property Management. If I would have read any of these reviews I would have Looked  elsewhere for renting, you don't wanna have to inform the public about shady people like this one after you have to learn the hard way.
I'm sitting in this hotel, and there are ROACHES EVERYWHERE that I have to deal with all night! No other available rooms, and it's almost 2:30 in the morning.  If you were going to be staying here, I suggest cancelling and finding another hotel. I'm literally about to cry right now, and I have to go sleep in the car. This place deserves zero stars. I've seen some bad hotels before, but NEVER this! PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, if you can possibly afford ANYPLACE else, go to that place! I don't deserve this, and you probably don't either, unless you do mean things to kittens or something. This is the room you deserve if you hurt baby animals regularly. I just can't even find words to express how upset I am right now. I rarely get to visit friends and family in Florida, finally got time off to fly here, and have a very busy day ahead. Needless to say, my trip will be significantly less enjoyable because I certainly won't be sleeping well.
On the positive side the Egyptian room in the Murat is in a great neighborhood for food/drinks before and after a show. Parking is also not a problem. The concert venue itself is meh. If you want to squeeze up to the stage at a general admission show, then you can. The sound quality is hit or miss. I've been to shows with pretty good sound as well as shows that sounded like crap. Beverages  are way overpriced. If Only the Egyptian room is hosting an event, then the Murat opens one set of restrooms regardless of the number of people attending and No the bathrooms are not clean.  Hopefully you will only have to pee. If you are a smoker, you can go outside to smoke and return to the show. I prefer the theatre at the Murat to see a show, but I could just be old.
CATSKILL-ISH: food, my burger was kind of small and had an odd taste; SHABBY: but cozy diner, and I love that they use Blue Plate mayonnaise; GOOD VALUE: my cheeseburger, huge side of fries & bottomless coffee was $9;  When I got my food at Slim Goodies I was immediately reminded of the opening quip in Woody Allen's "Annie Hall" about the two elderly women dining at a Catskills resort.  The first says "boy, the food at this place is really terrible"  and the other one says "yeah, and such small portions." Now, the food at Slim Goodies isn't terrible but it is a crap-shoot.  I've had the breakfast items before and some were better than others.  This time I ventured into the right side of the menu and ordered the Katrina cheeseburger and fries.  The good news was that the  plate was covered in really tasty and crispy thin-cut fries.  But the burger had an odd "industrial cleaner" taste and was only about the size of a Whopper Jr.  BETTER UPTOWN CAF S: Velvet/Intelligentsia, Tartine, Surrey, Freret Po Boy, Please-U.
Went here for a quick breakfast before a swamp tour.  I liked the fact that you order at the counter, it's good and fast when you're in hurry.  The courtyard was super cute, but super hot on this soupy August morning (which I can't blame on the Cafe).  I had the Cajun Potatoes (or something like that) which were spicy diced potatoes with peppers, andouille, onions and other seasonings, served with good french bread and eggs.  It was good and satisfying.  I wish the potatoes were a wee bit crispier, but they weren't bad at all.  Also snacked (mooched) some fired okra and beignets... both were good. The only disappointment was the iced coffee, which was more like iced tar.  Other than that, for a quick, easy and tasty meal, Cafe Beignet is a nice choice.
Very disappointed with this place. The reviews for the most part were great.  Slow slow inattentive service!  We weren't the only ones, there were about 3 other tables that I could also tell we're growing tired of waiting for everything.  The bread and salad were good.  After that .....not so much.  All 4 of us were not impressed with the meals. The halibut was so dry and the cannelloni beans taste so bland and straight from a can.  The chicken Marsala was soooo salty it was horrible.  Other two dishes were mediocre at best. The prices are also very high.  Very disappointed.  Will not return.
A nice restaurant in the French Quarter away from all of the noise. Evangeline made for a great date night that felt quiet and classy, without the cost of some of the fancier places in the area.  Unfortunately the courtyard was still closed from a rain earlier in the day but the indoor dining room was nice and felt modern and respectful of the building's history. Like many restaurants, there was a pianist and guitar players softly playing in the corner, which was nice. Our waitress was very nice, knowledgable, and down to earth and the runners/bartenders/hostesses helping her were great as well.  To eat, I had the bacon wrapped shrimp, which were AWESOME. Every bite had a terrifically intense flavor: peppery, smokey, and barbecue-y. The rice they were served on was fantastic as well. My wife had the Cajun Etoufee. Though skeptical of "Cajun food", which I am told isn't actually local to New Orleans but rather a tourist buzz-word, the few bites I had were great. All of the food had a great kick that wasn't too intense but would build on you as you ate.  For dessert, we had the Decatur Street Sunday, vanilla ice cream topped with bourbon maple syrup, bacon bits, and served as a stout beer float. It was ridiculously delicious and a trip favorite of ours.   All and all, we loved our experience at Evangeline. My only complaint is I could have used some more of those bacon wrapped shrimps on my plate!
Fun addition to the seasonal festivities with holiday flavors, some boozy. This is the real stuff--decadent flavors crafted in small batches.  I recently found out that Oprah had designated Clementine's as one of her Favorite Things (TM). They offer nationwide shipping, which could be dangerous.  It wouldn't be the holidays without a collaboration, so Clementine's has partnered with St. Louis native Andy Cohen to launch a new flavor. Named Peppermint Andy, the flavor is a deliciously bright, swirly pink peppermint-chocolate mix made with Clemintine's dairy base. What makes it even sweeter is that a portion of the proceeds from sales of this flavor will be donated to Doorways, a local nonprofit supporting those affected by HIV and AIDS. I was also very impressed with the alcohol-infused pink Champagne sorbet. I expected it to be cloying but it was very subtle and refreshing.   This location of Clemintine's is cheerful and brightly colored, featuring inviting aromas from the house-made waffle cones, a scoop shop, pints to go, and assorted swag (totes, t-shirts, candles). Too many creative flavors here to try in just one visit!
As far as cheap chinese goes, this place is pretty darn good! 2 item combo plate for under $5.50, im all over it. The Kung Pao Chicken is really good, and those red peppers they use are deceivingly spicy! DANG!    So, if you are stoned and lost in Paradise Park, and happen to see a CVS across the street, steer away from Jack N the Crack, and wander through the doors of Egg Roll King 2. You wont be disappointed. Hell, if you have no washer or dryer (kinda like my story, its long and funny) load up your laundry, and buy some grub!   U wont be disappointed!
I called the front desk to make an extended reservation, the employee I spoke with said nothing was available for the time frame...but he sounded confused.  So I called the main Comfort Inn number, and they said there was open availability, so I made the reservation.  Not a bad experience until the last week.  I went to the free breakfast bar and it was a disaster.  No eggs, no sausage, no coffee cups,  food on the counters and floors, just dirty.  There was only two tables with guests dining, and the other 15 or so tables were trashed. The breakfast attendant was standing around doing nothing. I spoke with the breakfast attendant about the issues, and she could have cared less. I spoke with the girl at the front desk to see if someone could help fix the issues so I could eat and get my coffee fix.   I was floored when the girl at the desk told me that I "need to be more understanding". She said, "the employee is Hispanic and doesn't understand, and she only makes like $4.00 and hour.  And we were really busy this morning."  Wow. I gave up and went to McDonalds.   Went to breakfast again the next day, and it wasn't much better.  I agree with Joe T. when he says that the front desk staff is no help at all.  There will always be an issue here and there, and the front desk staff is there to respond to the issues.  I will be back in Delaware next month, and I'm going back to the Courtyard Mariott Brandywine where I stayed on my previous trip.  Their team was right on the mark.
Came here for a business lunch.  The place is quiet which is nice.  We were seated right away and the waiter was attentive.  The food came out very quickly, however, our biggest disappointment was the price of the food.  I do frequently meet for lunches at many different places, and I felt like the prices were more appropriate for dinner than lunch.  The food was decent, but I was so off put by the prices that did not match the quality, that I am unlikely to return.  I just have high expectations that are directly attached to certain price levels for certain meals, and they were not met.
All you can really ask of a small local business is that at the end of the day, did they finish the job to your satisfaction, and did they communicate professionally?  I was involved with these guys for 18 months, off and on, and I can attest that they are good, solid people, they are certainly experts on roofing, offer extensive experience, and can be trusted to deliver.  We did have some hiccups, which happens, and they acknowledged the reasons why with sincerity. They picked up the phone when I called. They stopped by my house on several occasions to discuss options.   And again, at the end of the project, it was done to my satisfaction. Dave the owner is a very solid guy that will make sure that you are pleased with his work.  Thanks Dave and team.
We went here for my birthday last night and I must say that there was not one aspect of the meal that I didn't like. The only negative is that they serve their red wine slightly chilled (I realize this is a fad, but cmon, red wine SHOULD NOT be served at anything other than room temperature).  Anyways, the frisee salad (bacon with bacon vinagrette) was absolutely wonderful although a bit on the small side. Then I had the steak which was pretty good and was served with very delicious french fries. A few other people in the party had some chicked dish which they thought was absolutely wonderful but I did not try this dish so I can't speak to how good it is. The food here is first class.  As for it being insanely expensive, I have to admit that for a nice dinner it really wasn't that bad. Our part had 6 people (and a small child) which included 2 bottles of wine and coffee and the total only came out to about $28/person which is not unreasonable for an upscale restaurant. The only drawback is that the menu isn't large, so if you don't immediately see something that you like, your probably won't find anything.   I would reccommend this place to anyone who is looking to have a "nicer" dinner.
This place is awesome. The bar looks great, the seating and decor are also very nice. The food selection is not very big, but they have specials such as pulled pork in coca cola sauce (Or was it Bison Ribs in Coke, not sure).. The food was extremely good. Although the mains portion is not very big, they come with a house salad and 2 sides, which makes the dish more than fulfilling. Prices for food are reasonable in my opinion: ~26$ for bison back ribs, or a Wagyu Ribeye.  But the best thing about this place, is when you factor in the beer selection. They have a huge selection of beers on draft. I am not sure about the count, but i would say around 30. My favorite was the Belgium beers available on draft. Absolutely delicious.   Overall, I loved this place, and I don't think there is anything close to it in Philadelphia. I would definitely come back,  and recommend everyone to give it a try.
The clothing racks are extremely over-packed, to the point where your arm is sore after fighting to view each individual clothing item. Prices are high. If they lowered the prices, maybe the racks wouldn't be impossible to view. You'll look through the t-shirts and see 50 identical shirts from a tattoo shop that went out of business, something that clearly won't be flying off the rack to be purchased. The help says "they tell us to keep jamming the stuff on there." Other racks are so packed I don't even bother to look at them. (lost sales for them) Then you think you found something good and it's ruined BY THEM with the price tag -stapled- to the item. A $40 Victoria's Secret shirt on sale for $6.99 sounds like a good deal. But then you get home and remove the tag and there's four holes on the shoulder from the two staples. IDK why they can't just put the price on the tag. Found a Vera Bradley purse there once in nice condition. But again, ruined with staple holes in the strap that caused it to begin fraying. I won't be back.
If i could have gave this place 0 stars, I would have. It does not deserve 1 star, but in order for me to give a review I needed to give one star. I don't leave reviews ever and I had to create a Yelp account because this needed to be addressed.   I walked into the restaurant and the host was not at the stand. Two minutes later a young woman looked at us, looked at the sheet to see where she could seat us and then seated us. Did not greet us.   Our waiter Yani did not greet us. I don't expect a whole conversation or a life story, but a "hi, how are you doing?" is expected with any food industry. Not really friendly and barely checked on us to see how we were doing. I didn't expect her to have dinner with us, but it would have been nice for her to seem like she was fake interested with her customers.   Do not order the chicken Alfredo. The noodles were extremely over cooked and sauce tastes like it came from a can. The pizza was mediocre. Costco pizza tasted better than ABC pizza. The crust/dough was over cooked and it was dry. The lasagna looked like it was just lasagna noodles that were broken up with sauce & meat. Then it was plopped onto a plate with cheese on top which was thrown into the oven.  It's safe to say I would not be coming back. I do not recommend this place if you enjoy food with seasoning/taste. The customer service is nothing to rave about.
san xavier del back mission is such a beautiful old church.  the first time i visited was about five years ago,  my first time in tucson. i haven't had the opportunity to go back until last sunday, when i attended mass with my dad (who is visiting).  they have several mass times on sunday: 8AM, 11AM & 1230PM.   there are vendors outside in the parking lot area selling native american art and jewelry along with some delicious fry bread/pop overs!  i highly recommend a powdered sugar, honey & cinnamon fry bread. it's like heaven in your mouth.
The patio is incredible.  Marble fire pits, romantic lighting, a fountain--and when the jasmine is in bloom? Rest assured, gents--panties are probably going to drop.    Kidding.  Probably going to take a little more than hummus and halloumi.  We had mainly appetizers: Zataar Pizza [Grilled pita bread topped with zaatar, feta cheese, and chopped tomatoes]  Hummus with Shawarma [Hummus topped off with beef shawarma]  Halloumi Cheese [An exotic handmade cheese from sheep's milk, mildly salty, fried to a golden texture.]  Every dish was magnificent.  It's also a hooka lounge [$17--not a magnificent price.]   We added an inexpensive bottle of wine to our sorta-meal: if you consider $30 inexpensive.  ...then the bill came and I almost choked on my pita!  Pricey batman, but I'm always willing to give it up for great cuisine, a clean and pretty place,  and a helpful/friendly staff..
The only place to go before or after any show at the Tower.  Yes, their prices are adjusted on "concert nights", but can you really blame them?  The tower shows are the only thing keeping this place in business.   The food was not bad....had mozz sticks and a chicken steak.  the beer selection could be better, its pretty much all your standard domestics.  Would have like to see at least a Kenzinger....but whatever.....the place serves it purpose.  The bartenders and the rest of the staff were really nice and fun to talk with.  I would recommend to anyone going to a show to make this your meeting spot.
This is going to sound strange but I went to this restaurant twice today.  Being from out of town, I am always looking for a good "go to" place so when I had to decide on dinner, I was craving a steak and I remembered they had a ribeye on the menu and the restaurant is only a few blocks down the street.  I had a business meeting lunch and the gentlemen I was meeting suggested this place.  I was surprised when I walked in with how nice and comfortable it was inside.  I was quickly seated and ordered some edamame which was perfectly salted and delicious.  When the group arrived for lunch, two of us ordered the salmon on the cedar plank with asparagus (we avoided the potatoes so our waists didn't get any bigger than they already are) and the other guy ordered the fish tacos.   The salmon was cooked perfectly with a pesto crust.  I give it a solid 10/10!  The feedback on the tacos was very good too.  I then returned for dinner and ordered the Caesar salad along with the  ribeye with asparagus-no potatoes because I am fat.  The salad was excellent and the steak was delicious and cooked perfect.  My server, Brianna, took great care of me in the bar area and always had a pretty smile on her face.  Overall, a great experience.  You must try this place-have the ribeye, it's awesome!
This McDonald's has gotten my order wrong EVERY SINGLE TIME I have been here. My order isn't even difficult, I get the same thing every time. Mcdouble plain, medium fries, & a large sweet tea/dr pepper. They ALWAYS get some part of it wrong whether its the not plain burger, the not fresh fries, or the sour sweet tea. DO NOT GET THEIR SWEET TEA. I swear it is ALWAYS sour. It's ridiculous. & apart from everything, the service is horrible too. These people need to be properly trained to do their jobs because they don't even act like they know what they're doing! I've gone many different times a day & it's always the same. Not just one shift! I hate this McDonald's & I would rather drive all the way to the one on hickory hollow lane that is amazing then waste my time here in the drive thru for 2 hours.
In the past, I've always had a quick response when I've called for an appointment and service has always been prompt.    On this occasion, I called on a Friday to reschedule an appointment (for the following week) from a Monday to a Wednesday.  Wednesday arrived, and after waiting 30 minutes and no call and no appearance, I called to check on the status and was told there was a tech meeting that ran over and the dispatcher would call and let me know when the tech was en route.  Finally got a call at 9:30 (1 1/2 hours after my schedule appt time) that the meeting was over and the tech was on his way.  I asked to confirm my actual appt time, was told that whoever took the call rescheduled it for today from Monday but there was no indication of the actual time.   Apologies were given, but no offer of adjustment/discount for failure to keep appointment time or notify me of the delay.  The tech arrived almost 2 hrs after my original scheduled appt time.
The Wyndham La Belle Maison is great resort in the middle of the french quarter. It is walking distance from most of downtown New Orleans' main attractions. The facilities are excellent. My room was spacious and included a kitchenette. The room also had a small verandah with a lovely internal view of the shuttered windows and french architecture. The resort includes all the standard amenities that you would expect: a pool, hot tub, gym and business center. What sets the Wyndham apart is the service. The staff are friendly and helpful. I do not have the easiest name to remember but the gentleman who checked me in addressed me by name from the moment of my check-in and every time he saw me, up until the moment of my departure. This simple personal touch, in addition to the great facilities took my experience from good to great.
Always good! I came here one day because I was craving Pho. Coming from San Francisco, where there are so many places, I was disappointed to find so few in Tucson. However, I googled Vietnamese food, and found a great review for this place, so picked up the chicken pho to go. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the soup was packed separately from the chicken, noodles and toppings. That makes everything easy and keeps the soup hot...big kudos. Also, I found a small container of plum sauce and hot sauce. I greedily added both to my soup because I love spice. Also, you can't have the soup without the plum sauce, it just adds so much taste.  In total, the soup was exactly what I was craving, and for $7.99, was a bargain.   I've since come back for the same thing several times. It's delicious each time. Today I came in and ate in. The place is large and the people serving are a lovely family. I had the pho noodles with beef. It wasn't raw beef, which I actually like, because I like cooking the beef in hot soup, but I think that might be because I'm a bit spoiled from the Bay Area. It was still yummy with plum sauce, all toppings, and a bit of siracha.  I'm stuffed to the gills and ready for a nap. It was a good size portion.  I love this place. It's a little strange because all the other businesses around it are closed. However, it's on par with my Stockton St, SF, pho reminisces. It's big, clean and friendly. For me, it's definitely worth a few extra minutes drive to get my Pho.
Tried this for the first time 2 weeks ago. One of my favorite pizzas now. The red sauce is one of the freshest tasting sauces I've tried. Also got the chicken, spinach and Alfredo pizza which was great too. Like that they offer their own delivery to cut out the service fee from uber eats. Also believe is until 2-3am. Got a killer deal last week (2nd order) 2 xl pizza, 6 or 8 wings (can't remember) and fries for 48ish. Wings were pretty good but baked so not the crispiest. Fries were also the same but chalked it up to delivery time and being in a box with the steam. If their pizza wasn't sooooo good I'd give them 4 stars but the pizza alone is worth it.
Was so good yesterday we had to come back for lunch again today. My friend and I split the Sloppyman, the pork and gravy po boy, and Mac and cheese. They were all fantastic. The Sloppyman was my least favorite, because the sauce was a little sweet and the sweet potato fries on top were a bit much sweetness (I'm a fan of the savory)--still quite good, though. The po boy, though, was very good: juicy pork, flavorful gravy, and a little touch of mayo and some pickles to round out the flavors and textures. The star of the show, however, was he Mac. Probably the best Mac I've ever had. Salty without being too salty, cheesy with real cheese, and the top baked just a bit crispy.
We've been here twice now and ordered the same pizza because it is so GOOD!! I'd like to try other pizzas or items on their menu but we can't get past this pizza! That's a good sign that you're in the best pizza place around.  They are clean, quick, personable, friendly, efficient system from ordering on the phone to picking up in a Covid clean environment.  The pizza we ordered was a sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, and onions. The dough is so yummy, I hardly ever eat the crust but I did with this pizza. The sauce reminds me of a pizza sauce I had as a kid at a local place down the street in Massachusetts where I grew up. The place is called "The SV Club" it may still be there. I always wanted a pizza all my life with their sauce and never could find it in California or anywhere! But Mamma Mia's has that sauce!!! Amazing. The cheese they use is high quality, and I love all the ingredients. Small pieces of sausage, thin pepperoni slices, awesome!!!! Can't wait to go again when I'm in the area.
This is my home-base Whole Foods and it's pretty good for getting all your basic groceries, if not your hot bar items. The building is currently being remodeled. The new, much larger produce section is pretty wonderful. Occasionally it's difficult to tell what's organic and what's not, but for the most part, everything is clearly labeled. The health and wellness section is in transition right now and isn't the best, I prefer the Plymouth Meeting location for those needs.  My biggest complaint about the store is that the carts are the annoying, gigantic old-fashioned kind. Why not have the double-decker ones that you find at Plymouth Meeting? They are so much easier to navigate with!  Now for my vegan complaints, for which I'm docking a star: The frozen section has an okay selection of good vegan selections such as Gardein. Since the remodel, this Whole Foods has stopped carrying a few of my favorite things, including the Gardein chik'n tenders (frozen) and the Go Max Go vegan candy bars. The vegan selection is hurting at the hot bar right now. Sometimes, they have a very yummy mac and vegan beef, which is a total calorie-fest but very enjoyable. Other times, I'm not too enthused by their vegan offerings. Everything in the hot and cold bars are fairly clearly labeled as vegetarian or vegan which is appreciated.  And finally, here's some sincere vegan praise: this store has been adding new vegan products to their shelves and I really enjoy sampling. They have two brand new cheeses from Kite Hill, both are soft, one is similar to mozzarella and the other is similar to brie. Both are addictively delicious and healthy for vegan cheese. Please continue to stock these and I will continue to eat them!
Went here because I bought a Groupon for $100 for a cut, highlight and deep conditioning. What a deal! I hadn't had a hair cut or coloring in months because my stylist moved to a different state and I was dragging my feet to find a new stylist. I think the guys name who did my hair was Patrick and he did such a great job. I am blonde and I let him know that my hair always tends to pick up brassy and yellow tones, no matter who does my hair. He said "no problem!" and he meant it. He did highlights and lowlights and I now look like a natural blonde (I was born blonde and only started going dark with age). I am looking forward to going back although I'm a bit worried about the cost without the Groupon :-/
Ole Smoky was an absolute blast. First of all, I hope you all get Chelsea as a bartender. She was absolutely fantastic, as was everyone else there but Chelsea was special! She took care of us for quite a few hours, always with a smile on, always very helpful, answered many questions, and was just a blast to hang with. I wanted to put her in my suit case and take her home with me!   The drinks are all great,  the beers were great, and the space was gorgeous. The back area was beautiful! Bags, ping pong, basketball, and other games for an endless afternoon of fun. We had about 20 people with us and no one was bored. We really loved this spot. It's nice that it's off of the strip of bars because we were able to get parking and get out of the area very easily.
Received a menu on my mailbox a few days ago and it worked!  My wife and I decided to give it a shot. We got a large cheese pie and a appetizer sampler. Pizza was decent as was the fried cheese. The garlic knots were soggy and not too great. We didn't eat the fried mushrooms or the jalape o poppers as they just didn't look appetizing. I give them a 3 out of 5 for a good effort. The Loaded Slice would be good for a slice at lunch or fourth meal. Don't know if we will go back for dinner.
